e467d7 

Topic 0
 ('bathroom', 0.04921307)
 ('stop', 0.013028327)
 ('wikipedia', 0.011392354)
 ('go', 0.009393714)
 ('first', 0.009104354)
 ('back', 0.0084273815)
 ('time', 0.008166095)
 ('get', 0.007727779)
 ('would', 0.007436879)
 ('week', 0.007207804)
 ('number', 0.007172278)
 ('shit', 0.0071193944)
 ('see', 0.0066808313)
 ('ancient', 0.0063948114)
 ('right', 0.0062830597)
Topic 1
 ('dinosaur', 0.017817253)
 ('kill', 0.017656244)
 ('go', 0.01722235)
 ('epstein', 0.016070748)
 ('hitler', 0.014570971)
 ('born', 0.010678006)
 ('big', 0.01002522)
 ('day', 0.009924685)
 ('bang', 0.009729045)
 ('back', 0.0088644065)
 ('would', 0.007905933)
 ('killed', 0.007867949)
 ('see', 0.0077239205)
 ('cell', 0.0077088536)
 ('kitchen', 0.0069741686)
Topic 2
 ('mom', 0.020796657)
 ('save', 0.020040784)
 ('house', 0.017583651)
 ('library', 0.017087236)
 ('alexandria', 0.015185684)
 ('year', 0.012055588)
 ('parent', 0.011195524)
 ('birth', 0.009642149)
 ('go', 0.009555048)
 ('condom', 0.009406361)
 ('back', 0.008844047)
 ('trump', 0.008034657)
 ('http', 0.007603903)
 ('dad', 0.0071794055)
 ('month', 0.007167316)
Topic 3
 ('sleep', 0.035939846)
 ('machine', 0.0278181)
 ('time', 0.024739236)
 ('bedroom', 0.017928325)
 ('go', 0.011521943)
 ('back', 0.011460884)
 ('bitcoin', 0.011352826)
 ('stay', 0.010302929)
 ('play', 0.009066187)
 ('live', 0.008876216)
 ('nowhere', 0.00865552)
 ('buy', 0.007989381)
 ('nap', 0.007873108)
 ('inside', 0.0066706)
 ('good', 0.0066158865)
Topic 4
 ('would', 0.012643961)
 ('time', 0.011446702)
 ('back', 0.010842249)
 ('go', 0.010712327)
 ('future', 0.0090044355)
 ('year', 0.0075109927)
 ('make', 0.0074027185)
 ('see', 0.007081833)
 ('like', 0.006047508)
 ('get', 0.0059298556)
 ('travel', 0.0053906273)
 ('thing', 0.0053783003)
 ('people', 0.0052914913)
 ('first', 0.0051946896)
 ('past', 0.005131974)
Topic 5
 ('bed', 0.025081713)
 ('future', 0.018449627)
 ('jesus', 0.017950607)
 ('see', 0.010222948)
 ('go', 0.009890559)
 ('year', 0.009673764)
 ('real', 0.009163834)
 ('would', 0.007815667)
 ('back', 0.007080891)
 ('time', 0.0070476234)
 ('check', 0.0069367555)
 ('battle', 0.006776202)
 ('travel', 0.006739454)
 ('rent', 0.0066644)
 ('free', 0.006631728)
Topic 6
 ('home', 0.02037352)
 ('woodstock', 0.016992867)
 ('rice', 0.011570738)
 ('london', 0.01106373)
 ('th', 0.0100744795)
 ('england', 0.009883372)
 ('pudding', 0.009675878)
 ('grandpa', 0.009088792)
 ('unlimited', 0.009038149)
 ('prevent', 0.0075437888)
 ('september', 0.007529474)
 ('stop', 0.007187588)
 ('november', 0.0071831653)
 ('final', 0.0061996426)
 ('eve', 0.0058033797)
Topic 7
 ('tardis', 0.04187074)
 ('end', 0.01857766)
 ('doctor', 0.01686063)
 ('replicator', 0.014447361)
 ('matter', 0.013848055)
 ('basically', 0.013722105)
 ('beginning', 0.012596095)
 ('universe', 0.010294211)
 ('go', 0.0098979985)
 ('anywhere', 0.00934077)
 ('sound', 0.009305571)
 ('see', 0.008746247)
 ('time', 0.008664454)
 ('find', 0.008276107)
 ('like', 0.008220381)



[4]
>  Go into the past and get arrested in the years 1710, 1720, 1730, etc for selling “The elixir of immortality” (under my real name) until people think it’s real.

>  Steven Hawking's time traveler party, just to fuck with him

After that, I don't know. I assume I'd talk to him about what I could do next with the best outcome. Maybe he'd come with, that'd be super cool

>  I’d go back to all the great empires and pretend to be an immortal wizard that only appears when he’s needed and advise rulers toward a better future for humanity

>  I would find myself at birth, replace the real me with a fake me using the matter replicator taking myself. Then I'd spend the rest of my life raising myself better than they could neglect me

>  Go see premieres of major symphonic works like Beethoven 9

>  My grandparents land in the early 1900s and meet my Papaw as a kid.

>  First, I go to the future to get anti-aging tech, or just scan my current body with the matter replicator and save the blueprint. Now I can effectively live forever, because I can just keep records and have the time machine replicate a new copy of my current state when I die, which will have thought of this and thus will be able to find my records and confirm that I did in fact write them. Then I go off and do something like dinosaur watching.

>  Today. I have a fucking matter replication unit. I will patent its design and manufacture copies and make instantaneous replication of food and manufactured goods a reality, bringing all of humanity into a post-scarcity, Star Trek-esque world.

>  Time travel to the time of Jack the Ripper.  I’ll be looking for the serial killer himself and finally solve the case.   In order to keep his mysterious ness alive through time, I’d disguise myself as a police officer of the time but collect possible DNA and fingerprint evidence, test it in a modern lab, and return the stolen items to their place to not mess with all the time stuff.

>  Outland by Dennis E. Taylor has it right. You go back in time and use your historical knowledge of gold deposits and you make bank.

>  I'd subtly help cause wars across time using my superior knowledge to help push humanity to be miles ahead of where we are today in terms of technology. Then' I'd hit up the future and get my mind implanted into a cyborg body to live forever, and live through history, seeing everything there is to see. I'd leave texts that would be easily found in the future to fill our history books of what we're missing. What happened to Atlantis? Or all the natives that were killed, what was their culture like? What's in the Library of Alexandria. I'd slowly but surely start learning everything that's ever to be known, not staying in one place for too long.

>  Go back to the early humans and teach them how to do some stuff. Then go back to present day and see the difference... which will have probably pushed every event many years forward so when I go back the world will probably not exist anymore

>  Fun thing about time travel and multiverse theory is that once you discover it, you basically become the god of the multiverse. 

So the answer is, whatever I want for all eternity. Don't worry, for the first several hundred years I have some pretty strong ideals that I hold to.

>  . . . . I'd go help my family. Get the booze factor out of the equation, and save my Mom's life.

>  I would go to sometime before my grandpa dies. I would really like to tell him about my current life, how I found an amazing girl, and mostly I'd just like to talk with him and hear his stories and jokes again.

>  The first thing I’m doing is saving Steve Irwin’s life. Everything after that is a footnote.

>  I would go to the patent office, that kind of technology is years ahead of the planet.

>  Back in time to when my stepdad got first sick and spend more time with him before he passed away.

>  Am I creating new timelines with my changes or am I stuck to only one? If so am I immune to being erased from history/changing my memory if I mess with my past?

Anyway, I'd probably just use it as free portable housing with a free gold generator, and not time travel with it cuz I'm too scared.

>  Okay. So, first I would go to December 25th, 1776. I would arrive in my cloaked ship and land it. I'd help George Washington get across the Delaware River by fucking flying him over it, as he would have no idea. George Washington would then believe, of course, god was on his side. After dropped him off, I'd put on some badass Cloak-And-Dagger type costume, and walk out. There would be paintings of me, the man of god. Oh, but no, I'm not done yet. I'd go to the times of Ancient Egypt, and literally create the fucking pyramids with the Matter Replicator. Do the same cloak and dagger stuff, and warp back. Easily gives me some cool Egyptian carvings. Got two more in me. I'd go visit Cavemen, and show them how to create fire. Some hieroglyphics of me. Finally, April 30th, 1945. The day that Hitler killed himself. I'd shoot him instead, of course taking the credit of killing him, having his guards in as Hitler panicked in his bunker. Boom. I'd become a fucking *time legend.*  


TL;DR: Become a badass throughout time by taking credit for major events in history.

>  Idk somewhere in the past and chilll this climate change stuff is weird

>  I'd go back in time and make sure Tesla got the credit he deserved. What a legend. Fuck Edison.

>  Ok so technically speaking I could do something then go back and it would have never happened right. So do some crime for fun then go back and reverse it. Or gather some friends and go on a time travel adventure. Maybe even get a hot tub.

>  Replicate a working gun, time travel to Hitler's birth, shoot myself.

>  I go to the future and ask myself what I did in the past that worked out well for humanity.

>  First, I would go to see my Norse ancestors. See the first king of Denmark: Gorm the Old and his son Harald Bluetooth. 

Then back in time to see Socrates, Plato and Aristotle.

>  Id probably go back and re-find something extremely valuable, hide the money, do it a couple more times and hide money elsewhere, then maybe build my house and just buy it back now, so I have an older style home. Maybe get some fancy muscle cars new and park them somewhere so I could go get them now untouched. I don't need to change everything about the world, but live through some fun times I wasn't born to see

>  Forgot where i heard it but thought it was interesting statement.

"Everyone thinks if they, a single person, went back in time they would have to be incredibly careful so as not to cause massive change in the time line however no one thinks their actions in the present can affect change in the future"

Or something to that effect.

>  I would go back to the week before my grandmother passed away, and that night she called wanting me to take her to the store, and not only what I take her to the store but I would buy her the best meal that I possibly could. I would also by her dogs whatever they wanted, and just sit there and spend time with her no matter what she wanted to do or what I wanted to do.

>  I would go to the future, grab their wikipedia, then come back to now and become rich. Maybe with the help of a couple scientists

>  I'd go find a dead dinosaur carcass, and plant a Nokia 3210 in it, just to fuck with archeologists!  Damn thing would probably switch on too lol

>  Back to bed.  If I miss anything I'll just double back and catch up.

>  I would go to the 70’s. Maybe to nyc or la and just walk down the street observing. Then after that I’d go to tons of concerts in different decades. Beatles, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, Nirvana, Jimi Hendrix. I’d want to go to my parent’s childhood towns and maybe see them there.

>  I'd transport myself into the production offices of Doctor Who during a table read and scare the crap out of them, tell them I'M the Doctor and that they'd gotten my life story COMPLETELY wrong!

>  Make a language translator and show up every 20 years in each civilization from the Indus Valley to our current civilization with offerings of slight technological advances for their time and prophecize the coming of my birth in 1998 and call him the chosen one

>  I go and tell Eve, hey f this Adam guy, I have chocolate.  

Then I father all of humanity and update Wikipedia with my name instead of Adam.   boom

>  Eight hours ago so I can get a good night's sleep. Then I just keep doing what I'm doing, except I use the time machine to catch up on sleep or sleep off a hangover whenever I need to, because I fucked up so many things throughout my twenties that it's a miracle I'm so happy now and all I need is more free time to sleep in and read books.

>  The bathroom to make sure the toilet paper is the correct way round

>  I would go back to the time of the Salem witch trials, with all that I would either save hundreds of lives. As they would stop hunting all those people and chase me. Or I would be declared their king and use my knowledge to advance things for humanity even further.

>  At the birth of Gavrilo Princip with a gun.. that bastard caused everything bad thats happened in the last century including Hitler, communism and the dismantle of great empires

>  I fucking hate Doctor Who, but I'm a big fan of Vincent Van Gogh and that scene where he got to see how he's become one of the worlds most cherished artists really hit me in the feels. I'd also probably show him Loving Vincent.

Also I'd tell H. P. Lovecraft about how multiculturalism has taken over the West just to see how he'd react.

Also also I'd tell Thomas Jefferson to not even bother with the French Constitution as they'll just throw it out during the Reign of Terror anyways.

Also also also I'd try to get the Allies to not be such dicks to Germany after WWI. The only reason Hitler was able to get power was because they made him necessary.

>  I would go back to before the library of Alexandria burned down replicate the whole thing and put it somewhere. Then when it burns down I wait a week and put the replicated one in its place. People would go insane that it just reapears.

>  I would go kill my grandfather and create a loop.

>  Wow you have a fully equipped bedroom and cloaking machine,  go back and bang all the chicks of power, like Helen of Troy, Cleopatra, among many others,  would take it to a level of science this world has never seen before,  ensure all my offspring our rulers of the world and achieve totally victory,  thus bringing everything into a Star Trek-esque world,  Shatner Style...

>  Imagine going back in time to the end of the Cretaceous period only for there to be an explosion outside of your time-machine due to the immense amount of energy it would take to time travel. Plot twist: That's the same explosion that killed the Dinosaurs.

>  I would go to when I was one year old and stay in that time so I could keep a watch over myself, and save myself from some terrible things. 

I would work at my old daycare and become a mentor-type person to my younger self, mentally prepare myself for what's to come and just be there for me.

>  It depends. If it keeps oxygen levels the same then I would go back in time to the dinosaurs and take some gnarly pictures/souvenirs (only if it has avengers endgame time travel rules). If oxygen levels change in the time machine, id instead go back to the time when the tazmanian tiger existed and take a bunch of them with me back to now so they can repopulate tazmania

>  I'd want to go back to when Indonesia was fighting for its independence and see what grandparents did during that time. I know my grandmother lost a brother who was accused of being a resistance fighter, I know one grandfather was in intelligence and the other was an army doctor. Other than that it's just bits and pieces of information. They've all since passed so I'd like to learn more about them this way.

>  Go back in time to major events and find out none of them happened so I have to step in and make them happen.

Sorry Lincoln.

>  First, I break into Tiffany's at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It's priceless. As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It's her father's business. She's Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning, the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico, but I go to Canada. I don't trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police. This is where the story gets interesting. I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris by the Trocadero. She's been waiting for me all these years. She's never taken another lover. I don't care. I don't show up. I go to Berlin. That's where I stashed the chandelier.

>  The morning with Matt when we had our last:  


 its morning cuddles, kitten! (amused, but feigning annoyance)

It isn't morning cuddles pet! I just, need to love you! Type fight we sometimes had, we both were joyfully arguing as usual with cuddle mornings.  


alternatively? his alarm...cock? or thats what I called it when I wanted a wake up call.

PSA while im going down memory lane: When your fiancee says maybe you need your heart checked out, maybe, MAYBE, since you would do anything for her anyways...go fucking do that.

>  I'd go back in time at the moment of my birth, shoot my mother in the head (the bitch deserves it for all the abuse she put me through) and then raise myself, watch myself grow, and guide myself to repeat the same actions I took when I went back in time.

>  A year before the first Easter, to see if I was right about Jesus or not. If He's there and speaks English to me, there we go. If not, dang. If yes, though, ask a million questions and record the answers if allowed. 

I also want to beat the ever loving s*it out of Hitler.

>  I’d go to see how wrong everyone is about Jesus. It’s been a 2000 year long game of telephone. Then to convert a Hitler to Scientology.

>  Back about 2 1/2 years. Love him fully and correctly, in a way he would understand. Tell him how wonderful he is. Maybe keep this pain from happening, have him still be alive with me today.

>  Go back three months ago to tell my friend to not get in the car that night, maybe then he’d still be with us

>  Native Americans could sure use some machine guns

>  I'd frequently go back in time and edited Wikipedia 60 seconds before world events happen.

>  To all my friend’s houses in the next five minutes to make sure they’re okay

>  I feel as though many people think too small or too big with this, i would personally go spend time with my late great grandmother because time is more valuable than any other earthly object.

>  Specifically? Fuck with world leaders in different cebturies, but nothing big as to stop butterfly effects. Tell Julius Caesar, “vestra frui nova sem” and such. I will be known as the harbinger of death responsible for “warning” people when or how they die. And when they come looking for me i’ll be long gone.

Also idk maybe fuck Cleopatra or Joan of Arc

>  10000 years in the future, then figure it out from there.  The past can be really interesting, but I’m stoked for Star Wars 57.

>  Retrieve winning Lotto numbers for the next few years, win one myself and gift winning tickets to family and friends, then return to the present, claim the money, live off the interest and travel the world, keeping my time machine stashed away and using it to visit interesting points in history and occasionally visiting the future for more of those tasty lotto numbers (if required) and cures for diseases. Have lots of kids and pass the time machine on to the most responsible child of the brood and let the legacy continue.

>  4 days ago to see wtf happened to the side of my car

>  I would first travel forward in time researching more as I went and adding to my already vast knowledge and “library” of information, finding cures to diseases ways to live longer and technologies that even amazed me. I would then go back to the present for a couple years each time going back to the same time and learning another ancient and almost forgotten language, then once I’m fluent in most of the ancient languages (all them that can still be taught) I would have relived the same years many times but each time just learning one more language. I would then travel to Ancient Rome or Greece and stand before them as a god, I would teach them many things from their future and progress the world faster than it had ever imagined. I would rule as a god teaching people and ruling with respect and fear, I would ensure my subjects live the best life and the smartest work together to help the society. I would keep the strongest and most technologically advanced weapons a secret so that any resistance to my empire can be swiftly crushed. Eventually I would get too old to rule after teaching all that I could’ve in my lifetime and uniting the world under one flag. I went through my glorious capital filled with happy families free of war, poverty, hunger and fear. I would be known as a deity and a fearless leader. I spent a while finding the perfect successor, and teaching him all the information I know and teaching him how to lead us into the future. I relaxed in my towering skyscraper overlooking the gleaming and glistening city that expands beneath me, I think about all the world I have essentially created, one that is held under no limits and one that without me It would thrive. I walk into my bedroom and enter a combination into the wall opening a vast room which inside stands a luxurious star cruiser, entering it I look at the machine that has helped me accomplish all this, I turn and take control, turning on my retirement protocol. The timer on the dashboard starts ticking down, 15... the gate opens 14... the cruiser powers up 13... the engines roar to life 12... I feel the vehicle leap forward 11... Free of the hangar 10... Soaring through the air 9... one last look at my utopia 8...ascending 7... ascending 6... perfect spot 5... the vehicle slows 4... I stare at one last sunset 3... a smile slowly grows upon my face 2... I am now at peace after hundreds of years dedicated to this place 1... I close my eyes as I am now at peace 0... The air itself seems to melt as everything within the ship disintegrates and then expands in flaming streams of color. Children in the many parks look in awe as the sky lights up with beautiful streaks of light fly through the air slowly disappearing into the sky, and as the light fades from me, a light grows bright inside of them, a light of imagination and creativity.

>  I'd build a bulletproof glass top for the car JFK was riding in.

>  Back to when I was 9 to tell my mom to call the police after she was told not to due to my cousin sexually abusing me

>  ~~August~~ October 12th, 2012, 2200 EST. Emily made it sound like she wanted me to come over but I missed the hint. Never got to see her titties



Edit: I'm fucking stupid. It was October because I was playing Dishonored and I had to get up early for work the next day so I figured I'd stay home

>  60,000 years ago, US southwest, before humans got there, probably San Diego area. Build a small neighborhood with the most advanced tech possible. Travel to the future and bring back the absolute best  mathematicians / physicists / scientists that died. Revive them, show them around, give them a choice on whether to stay or not. Dedicate my existence to scientific discovery and learning. Discuss philosophy with Aristotle over breakfast, spooky action at a distance with Einstein, and hyper-wormhole permutations with Davidson-Chang over dinner. Eventually prove a recursively correcting utopia can exist.  Post this information everywhere, in every time zone, and in every civ.

>  I think all the “go back and meet/interact with x famous person “ posts are funny because there are plenty of powerful or interesting people most of us would like to meet that are alive RIGHT NOW but it’s too hard to get an audience with them. Why would we be any more capable of interacting with famous people from the past?

>  I wanna know what the hell happened to DB Cooper and the money he took!

>  To give all the people who’ve changed the world in a good sense a hug(without telling them that they did obviously)

>  Old American West, I had ancestors that were supposedly cowboys so I'd want to meet them and check it out

>  Probably back when I was a kid and get a job as a substitute teacher or babysitter and be a way better role model for little me then anyone else at the time.

>  Meet Georg Elser In November of 1939 and tell him to set the bomb he's hiding in the Burgerbraukeller to go off half an hour earlier. It'll take out Hitler and the majority of the Nazi high command, thus crippling them and hopefully leading to an earlier Allied Victory before they can get things like the Holocaust and Operation Barbarossa into full swing.

>  I go tell my younger self that drinking and going to bars gets old and to her my shit together for the sake of my marriage. 

Might go take a shit on Hitler too though.

>  To my girlfriend‘should so that I can try to find out why she ghosted me :(

>  I'll go tell my grandma she has cancer

>  Give weapons and medicine to the native Americans of North, central, and South America.

>  Meet different cultures like the Maya and the big Chinese empire

>  get every game ever made, travel to 100,000,00,000 years in the future, and just vibe in complete isolation.

>  Keep going farther into the future until science has cured all my horrible health problems, after that I don't really care.

>  Go back 5 years ago to help them find my grandma's Cancer early, and to kiss a girl that's it

>  I would go waaaaaay back to the dinosaurs. Cute lil guys. Pet em. Maybe even take one home.

>  Go back and rickroll fools from like 20 years ago

>  I would memorise two solar eclipses (using Wikipedia) from medival times and go back in time to the day before the first one then tell everyone it is going to happen and then when it does happen immediately tell them when the next one is going to happen. They would probably think I was some kind of God and thus I would be treated amazingly well possibly become the ruler. Then I could bring future technology to this city and make immensely technologically advanced for its time and conquer the world

>  Leave dickbutts in various historical tombs/lost cities across multiple continents, cultures and religions.

 Also witness the Tunguska event first hand with beer and crisps.

>  Beginning of high school... Spend as much time with my dad, not cutting him off every time to hang with friends, not knowing how fragile his goddamn life was, never getting pissed at him for just asking me to go a fucking movie & listening to his advice. Maybe if I wasn't such an ungrateful bastard of a kid, I would have never have become so fucking depressed when he died.

>  I'd go to the year 3000. So see if much has changed or if they live under water. Would your great, great, great grand daughter look pretty fine?

>  I'd go back in Begian Flanders, around 1430 to meet Jan Van Eyck and to verify  the theories of David Hockney about painters and the use of lens and optical tools.

>  I go to the era where the sun starts expanding and swallows earth because I’m getting my ass whooped by my mom and now I’m suicidal

>  1999. Make sure my mom knows she has cancer before it was discovered at stage 4 melanoma.

>  The moment we invent time travel, the time cops are going to show up and tell us we can’t use it because of “paradoxes” and such. 

Time travel doesn’t solve anything and it is just a bureaucratic nightmare full of red tape.

>  I'd be more concerned with me killing everyone by disease in the past, and me getting merked by disease in the future. You'd basically have a small window of like 40 or 50 years in each direction or else you'd basically be running around in a Half Life hazmat suit.

>  To the emergence on chickens I have to know whether the chicken or the egg came first

>  I go one minute into the future, just to test it.

>  See my grandma and grandpa, as I never got the chance to meet them. Visit my other grandpa I never got to meet, either.  Ask him about war stories, and his life in general. Ask them if they had anything they'd want their kids to know when they are all grown up.  Then come back and pass on those words my parents never got to hear to them, too.

Cancer is a bitch.

>  I would got far back enough to see how it all started.

>  I’d go back nearly a year ago right before my dad passed away on Tuesday December 18th 2018 at 7PM. But I’d go before then, on the Sunday probably. I’d go hang out with him and talk about sports and talk about how much I appreciate him and love him. My deepest regret is that I was so busy with my own life I didn’t bother to think about his because when he passed we hadn’t talked in weeks.

>  Gonna be Van Gogh’s friend

>  I'd go back to the day before my best friend died in a car accident and hug him.

>  I’d go back to start recovering lost knowledge from the 45k years of human history before the invention of writing. See out the most learned, knowledgeable folks from that span. Lots of legwork required first; finding out who/where/when they are. But the returns would be incredible.

>  Find out who jack the ripper was

>  Can it be used infinitely?

Does changing the past change the future or does it create another timeline?

>  I’ll either go to the Victorian era, or the Roaring 20’s. Gotta look dapper and enjoy the music in 
that era! 

Maybe even find Jack the Ripper~

To make this trip even more fun, I would maybe bring a band such as Caravan Palace to play some songs during the 20’s!

>  90s Japan for some cars and then 90s California, SF, and LA for some skateboarding

>  Catch Jack the Ripper.

>  Nov. 6 1997, to abort my dumb ass like my mom failed to do.

>  I'd definitely unfuck my major fuck ups and push myself to all the cases I missed out on and lastly go to the future and be a rick

>  Assemble a team of legends to stop vandal savage and fix the timeline

>  I'd use wikipedia become the best leaker ever known, just to fuck with people.

>  I time travel to where and when famous people died, replace them with bodies I made in my matter replicator, use modern medicine and science to nurse them to health, and bring them to the 21st century

>  Go to the future. Come back. Win every lottery the next 5 years. Enjoy life.

>  I would go back about 3 years ago to make my grandma go to the hospital so that they could find her cancer faster than they did, so that maybe she would still be alive today. I really miss her, and I wish I could see her again.

>  If I went to the past, the future would change slightly, and that would mean that no one would be born, because other sperm would fertilize since there are millions of them. Then I would disappear and all my friends and family too

>  I'd love to go to 2001 when my dad had to migrate to another country because we were starving at ours and I was left with my narcissistic mom and grew all kinds of insecurities and developed an incredibly low self esteem that still influences my adulthood. I would find my 12 years old me and would give me support, help at school, advice, love, hugging, and will try to make her / me understand that she's a worthy human being that needs no validation from anyone else. I would also advice me on learning to show love to loved ones, since I grew up lacking mom's love demonstration, and so that dimension's "me" can hug and tell my grandparents and aunts how much I love them, and listen to their stories and advice, and make better and healthier decisions. I would tell me to be nicer to my younger sister and demonstrate love to her and enjoy her childhood, not being jealous of her at how my mom is nicer to her and grow up as best friends from a very young age.
You know, just for the fun.

>  I go to the time of the American revolution and teach the world about technology and how to make television and I also say keep the earth clean

>  1000 years into the future, to see what I can learn from there and bring back to help the rest of humanity advance faster.

>  The time where it is said giants must have existed, if it is true I really want to see it for myself. 

Also, greek empire times because SPARTAAAA. And, finally, viking times. They're barbaric but they're interesting.

>  I would go into the future and predict and bet on big events. Or if they are dangerous like world wars, I would make sure i did something to stop it before it became a big thing

>  20 years into the future to see where I am in life

>  I dont want to travel to anywhere, i just wanna rewind yhe last 12 years of my life and start from there again with what i know now.

>  Time machines create paradox, keep it simple and don’t do shit

>  250 BC, hop around the Mediterranean seeing the Hellenic wonders in color.

>  I would go back to 2015 to see my three first pet bunnies, Veera, Liisa and Eetu (former Elina, but we soon found out that Eetu wasn't a she). I would hug and hold them and give them kisses and tell them how much I missed them. And then my dad would probably show up asking who tf I was and I would probably try to prove myself before getting the fuck out of there and telling him "See ya in 2019!" No one will believe him and he'll have deja vu when he sees me after my trip into 2015 lmao.

>  Change the history of tomatoes and rename it

>  Go back to 1994 to tell my mom I love her before she dies

>  Easy. Pre-Industrial revolution. Introduce renewable tech. Change the future, end global warming.

>  To collect my boyfriend. This is a two person adventure.

>  I‘d go back and watch myself have fun when I was young and live was simple. Then Rosswell. Then Dinosaurs. Then I would check top ten lists of unsolved thinhs and have a look. Like the Philadelphia Experiment

>  Go back in time a prevent the rise of Christianity thus preventing events like the burning of the Library of Alexandria (this single event set human knowledge and understanding back over 1000 years). This would prevent the dark ages and the loss of over 90% of ancient learning imagine how much further humanity would be in our understanding of the world around us plus no crusades they were fucked up. Notice how Islam is excluded that's because the classical knowledge that has survived only did so cause it was translated into Arabic by Muslim Scholars then translated into European languages during the Renaissance.

>  i could find so many different kinds of plants from so many times and places that i wouldnt even know where to start! maybe id have to find a way to make a shit ton of money first though so i could buy a house in the present that had space for all the plants i would find and for all the different kind of conditions i would have to replicate to keep the plants alive. its a little lame probably but just the thought has me so excited, i love plants.

>  To my crush’s bedroom, just kidding. My room to sleep and learn more about dreams and keep me in a loop of the dream to study it.

>  I would see how the universe started, the civilizations that came before and after humanity and the building of the Great pyramids. Just for starters

>  To the future to watch me die from the time machine, so i can feature in r/watchpeopledieinside and get that sweet gold.

>  I'd go back to 10 hours ago before you made this post and make it first so I get all those juicy internet points

>  Can we interfere? If so, back to yr various businesses were created after my birth and buy stocks then give the money to then me at age 18 through a fake story. If not, mansa musa just to see how richest man lived. Then chariot racing in Rome. Then future to see if robot wars is a thing but bigger.

>  So if I go back a minute before I entered the time machine would I be able to see myself? If so, if I ordered the other me to go back a minute before he entered does he go back to the same time as me? If he does, doesn't that mean that there wouldn't be another me as he would appear at the same time as me when he leaves that time line. But wouldn't he just go back to another-- If I had a time machine I would do this!

>  Well If say I was camping the forest and just found it, Firstly, I would figure out how it works so I can use it, Secondly I would travel all around the time of the earth and watch how great mysteries unfolded, Then I would cater log them And then Set times though history to be solved by some historic figure and make sure they get sole credit for it, Then After all that, Which probably will take up most of my time and I probably would pass away of old age if I were to do all that, But say I did all that and still had a good amount of time left for me, I would travel though time to find a cure for my age, After that, I'm not sure but I'm sure there will be many ways to occupancy the rest of my life.

>  My friend recently got diagnosed with cancer, Id show her a good time.

>  I would go back way back and bury a small box of gold in an undisturbed place and go dig it up today.

>  I would go check out what my home town looked like at different periods of history and see which I like best.

>  Befriend stalin joseph

>  1912 to be one of the first class passengers. Look around the ship to see what it looked like with my own eyes. Take in every detail, smell the fresh paint myself and talk to other people from third and second class to hear who they are and why they’re there.

I will not change its fate for the purpose that it had; people didn’t try to act like a ship was a mere toy to play with after that and of course put White Star Line out of business who neglected the whole safety (rescue boats) part of the ship.

Always was fascinated by the Titanic and I’d just love to hear about everyone’s stories on why they chose to be there. Write a book about it and publish it so we’d know more about the people who lost their lives on April 14, 1912.

>  I would go back to fix all the mistakes I have made

>  First, I go to the far future to get a ton of medicine that grant eternal life then I travel back in time and locate Bob Ross, Steve Irwin, Keanu Reeves and Harambe

>  Nowhere, I finally have my own roof over my head and can use the replicator to keep making my favorite meal over and over

>  To the time before my mother died in the hospital and tell her I love her so much!

>  go talk to my mom one last time

>  Bring all humans from all times into the future so that everyone lives at the same time. 

Should make things interesting

>  Find a list of people who commit suicide and try my best to talk them out of it.

>  Go back to just after wwII and release sustainable energy tecnologies to prevent the climate crisis

>  Honestly, doesn't matter. I get to live out the rest of my life completely worry free. That's the best part of having it.

>  Yesterday.  I want to try it out and be sure it works first, and don’t want to get stuck somewhere inconvenient in case the thing is glitchy.

>  I'll just chill in the time machine and make infinite hot pockets with matter replicator. Then I'd make an xbox 1, a ps4, a bong and some gorilla glue bud from Colorado.

>  Find out how the Pyramids were built.

Who made the Antikythera mechanism and why.

Go see the war of Troy and if all the heroes were actually real.

Gather as many Greek philisophers in one place and let them go at each other.

And most importantly, go to year 10000 BC to prove once and for all that the world is older than that.

>  3 years ago I rescued a 14 year old cat. He became my best friend and I've never loved or been loved like that. He died in June this year. I'd go back and get him. I don't know if I'd get him as a kitten or go back to when he was first in need of rescue (at 12, I think). Then I'd have a little cat spacesuit made for him and explore the future.

>  I just need the time machine so I could go back in time and drive my friend’s home so they didn’t die in that car wreck

>  Relive the best night with my friends over and over again. Stuck in a happy loop.

>  Go back a decade, live there for a few months, and keep going back and learning every period of history. Once you get the customs down in each place, you can vacation anywhere you want, any time, anytime. Bonus if you take technology from the next decade ahead and use it to earn a living while you're there. It would be a good way to develop relationships, and might even be able to draw in the likes of people you'd like to meet, if you're strategic. (Wanna meet Nikola Tesla? Manufacture parts for him in some efficient, modern-ish way.)

But the real dream is to see the world before humans changed it. That would be incredible.

>  I would go back 14 years and talk my uncle out of killing himself.

>  To early 1980s so I could meet my grandma who passed away just a few days after I was born!

>  Going back roughly 800.000 years or so, to catch the moment the human ancestors develop self awareness and begins speaking. Definitely need more than one trip to find the spot in time.

>  Back to college things could have turned out a lot better if I had an adult I could trust.

>  To a junkyard about 2005ish to buy that damn car part for my 90's toyota that I cant find anywhere anymore...

>  You would probably cause a massive epidemic killing millions because you would bring evolved bacteria and viruses in your body that the locals arnt conditioned to

>  I would go to the future get a immortality device and assorted weapons then go back in time to the big bang being the first living being in the universe then living out my days on earth like a god and if someone ever would try to kill me i would kill them with overpowerd weapons from the future.

>  Go back and invest in Microsoft, Gooogle, Apple, Bitcoin, then convert it all to gold.  Go back in time further and meet Nikola Tesla as he got off the boat in America in 1884.  And I would fund every one of his projects for the rest of his life. Then I would find Hitler's mother before she married and move her to another country.  He is never conceived and thus never born, no one dies.  And pay her to go to college or something to occupy her time.

>  I’d become The Doctor. I’d help people through time in small ways that make a huge difference to them.

>  The 90's of course. Best decade ever.

>  Go far enough back to do whatever necessary to prevent DT from being elected president

>  To the past. Seven years ago my girlfriend was orally raped by her cousin, my girlfriend was 6 back then and cousin was 15. i want to go there before it happened and take this sick asshole to frickin jail.

>  I'd probably go back to ~3500 BC and see how much of reconstructed Proto-Indo-European is correct and attest it better

>  First thing I would do is bring the time machine to the me from 10 minutes ago, otherwise how would i have gotten it?

>  Travel back to the Mesolithic or Neolithic (not the Paleolithic because they didn't have good games, based on my previous travels) and impersonate a deity. Travel the land, keeping my equipment hidden from sight, and distributing vast quantities of goods in exchange for the chance to impregnat each chieftain's daughter, thus seeding my essence into Humanity's bloodlines. For the greater good.

>  Zero. I'll save my father who died in 2017. Using a fake corpse and snatching him in the future to protect the timeline.

First. I'll map my ancestry at least until homo erectus and at best until plesiadapis. I owe them this.

Second. I'll check on theories about cognition's evolution (like bicameral mind of Julian Jaynes). It's fascinating to know if ancient people were truly alien or we are actually more similar than we think.

Third. I'll go for the lifespan-prolonging and mind-enhancing technologies, ideally for the physical and cognitive immortality.

>  Go to the future to get a Deluxe Time Machine™ v. 2.1, the one where they perfected things and worked out all the bugs.

>  I want to see all the different species of hominid that lived and see how they all migrated from one area to another. And to catch some hot sapien-neanderthal action.

>  Wait wait wait matter replicator you mean I can literally duplicate anything? If so fuck time travel I just buy 1000 $ worth of gold and duplicate it and cloaking device no one will find my secret voila

>  I've thought about this before.   We'd start a team to rescue babies that were left in hot cars.  Of all the horrible news stories everyday, those are the most tragic and preventable.  I would love to be able to blip in, smash some windows and save the kiddos.

>  Depends on what kind of time travel we're talking about. 

I honestly think it'd be fun to hang out and play Pokemon with my 10 year old self.

>  That's easy. I travel back to 1955 and use wikipedia to make a killing gambling on sporting events, eventually making myself one of the richest people in the country. I can marry my childhood sweetheart, have her old crush killed in an "accident" and live happily ever after

>  First I would get a version of google maps that didnt need satellites or internet. Then I would go back in time to 1962 and travel to my grandparents houses and put on the cloaking device to observe how my parents behaved and were treated as kids from their siblings, friends and parents. I would try to visit my dad to be there when he brought cow corn he took from the neighbors field home and had my grandma canning it all afternoon before she understood it was cow corn and all of it needed to be thrown away. I would record movies and take notes. I would replicate family heirlooms that I knew would be lost to time. Then I would find out the address where my grandparents grew up travel there and repeat the process until I traced my ancestry all the way back to the year 1000 B.C. This would require pausing time to learn new languages. The only change I would make to history during my first journey is to encourage humans to keep better records of your family history and eat more vegetables.

>  Be emperor of the Roman empire. Use the replicator to make some armor. Try to do whatever you can to make some fame lightning, then tell them your zuez. When you die, the replicator will make a clone of you when you first got here. You will be king of rome for all eternity.

>  I'd go back to mid 1850s become a cowboy and duplicate drinks for everyone after robing a train

>  Why would I go anywhere just because people give me things?

>  using the cloaking device, go back in time to see my life as a little kid - get to see my mom soothing my sister and I to sleep - get to see my playful dad before he ran into so many migraines and depression

>  Wanna know how people started religions and how they came to believe them

>  To the future, and  will have  known new laws of science, after time , I will fly to present  time and will open them (sorry for my English :))

>  Going into the future and all that stuff sounds real heavy so I'd probably just hang out and watch various historical (and pre-historical) events to learn more about them. If I can figure out how not to destabilize the entire world by revealing the existence of time travel I would invite scientists and historians and other experts to ride along.

>  Id go back pretty far before jesus.
Make crazy claims and run from guards using the time machine until people will believe in me. I will go to the future learn everything I can and bring it back to 69,420 followers which will then get to work on creating me an immortal juice. I will replicate that and drink it whenever I reach 50 years. I will then return finally at 1000 and tell them danger is coming when you find [my name] treat him as the next me. That way future me will find affected past me easily, I will then teach past me and give him my old time machine and say you are GOD, prevent humanities extinction. Now me will be gone but affected me will travel the times guiding humanity forward, and the hopefully making him self the ruler of Everything.

>  1491, Americas, on a massive vaccination campaign. I’m sure things would turn out just as fucked up, but the world would have fewer strip malls

>  Bring back the dodo

>  Bring back the how to make real Damascus steel.

>  Are you allowed to bring condoms?

>  Probably just stay in the machine, sounds good enough to live in such a cool place where at any instant you can travel to whenever you want, so if any emergent events occur I can just go back and fix them.

>  Somewhen with a lot of quiet and no light pollution.  It's been decades since I had a good look at the stars.

>  A room with everything I need to live comfortably and avoid humanity?

Nowhere, for a good loooooooong time. And then the year 3000, to see if humanity is still around and if we'd fixed the big stuff yet.

>  I’d go and take a massive shit in the toilet that is supplied in the time machine first, that way I won’t need to shit in the woods when I go back in time when there was no toilets

>  Go to 1912 and warn William Taft that he shouldn’t try for a second term.

>  The same place any time machine would take you.  
Deep space

>  Go back to prevent myself from turning down the opportunity to play sports. I feel like I’d be a lot happier knowing that as a kid I wanted to be active.

>  Let's make future life interesting- go back a few hundred thousand years, and try and get every different variety of existing species of genus *Homo* advanced to at least Renaissance level technology on entirely different continents at approximately the same time. Then see how that works out.

>  I would find a lot of money somewhere and go back to the present and duplicate it a lot so my family would no longer be poor and we could get a better house

>  I’d go back and spend more time with my family

>  I would go back to last Tuesday so I could pay my electric bill on time.

>  To the future, only safe way to make sure I don't change events and not be born.

In the future, I might be able to learn which theory of time is right and if it is safe to mess with the past.

Also, future tech and knowledge brought to my present has very little to no chance of hurting me while being greatly beneficial to me.

>  To 1969 so I could see Woodstock

>  Go to next week, come back with lottery numbers. Don't want to go back in case I mess up something that ended up with me in a time machine. Probably continue to use it for small corrections (check vacation destinations for natural disasters before booking). Try to figure out the best place to invest to help the most people once friends and family are set up comfortably.

>  I'm Nigerian, and I'll go back in time and try and make Nigeria exist before the British did so, and try to make it a real life Wakanda

>  Forward in time to get the cure for HIV, then back in time to stop it's spread.  Hopefully then Dad won't be able to call it a plague sent by God to kill my kind.

>  Yeah I'm having too much fun with the matter replicator

*Computer, Earl Grey, Hot.*

>  I would probably go to my crushes house at night. Observe her likes and dislikes so that I can change my self to fit her type and get intimate with her.

>  Back to late 1800s to tell Nikola Tesla what would happen in the future and convince him to actually charge for the things he invented, so he could finance all future projects.

>  I go back to right before Hitler tried to apply to art school so that I can convince them to let him in, preventing the world wars

>  Honestly I’d go a little bit into the past to change it just enough to speed technology and general knowledge up. 

I wanna see what would happen if vaccines were available way sooner, or if pilgrims were able to build computers. 

I’d like to think it would make the “future” happen faster where there’s be flying cars and money isn’t needed anymore cause we can get anything we want whenever, and make anything disappear into matter whenever, but if I accidentally started an apocalypse no biggie I’d just spend my life in the time machine and try to un-fuck it all up.

>  Far enough into the future to a time where humanity has found a way to transfer (not copy) one's consciousness into a digital form where we live as gods of our own virtual worlds that are so realistic that they're indistinguishable from reality. Time could easily be sped up millions-fold inside the simulation (IE thousand years in simulation is only a single day IRL type situation). I'd effectively become immortal and invincible in my own eternal paradise.

>  To the stock exchange, so I could be super rich.

>  Talk to Jesus about my de ja vu dreams... ever since I was a kid, I've had dreams about my future, and they started coming true in high school, and have been coming true ever since. I'm still having more dreams, and will occasionally repeat dreams. I never remember them when I wake up, and only know I'm still having them because I'll have them come true just a couple weeks later on occasion, though usually it's at least a year or two.

>  Back to the time around when Jesus Christ/Yeshua/Yahweh was conceived and take DNA samples from \_everybody\_ in town, then wait around till the so-called Son of God was born, and take samples from him and the three wise men.  
Someone's gotta pay for this 2000-year-old cult.

>  see how bad the Idiocracy gets

>  I'm going into the future and steal a dozen perfect humanoid girlfriends, live the harem life of my dreams and NOBODY CAN STOP ME.

>  1. The birth of Christ for shits and giggles.
2. Caveman days to give fire to our ancestors
3. Steal baby Hitler to avoid that whole mess, raise them right.
4. Alter the Titanic's direction to avoid the iceberg.
5. Head to the future just enough to buy the soon to be out, now at that point obsolete consoles for dirt cheap.
6. Screw with the pureatins sitting the witch trials.
7. Give the queen of England a marijuana cigarette just before an important public event.
8. Pick of Nicola Tesla, Albert Einstein, give them a taste of the future.
9. Attend Woodstock and supply all the drugs and Viagra.
10. Scare the ever loving shit out of R.L Stein, Lovecraft, and Steven King as kids to see is it earns any new books out of them.
11. Head to the future, pick up the cure all illness vaccine and give it to a good medical company 
12. See if there really was a UFO crash in Roswell New Mexico.
13. Prevent the great Depression.
14. See my parents as teens, just for the hell of it.
15. Prevent my older brother from becoming the asshole he is today.
16. Get an autograph from John Hancock. XD.
17. Prevent Slavery from ever even existing.
18. Kill Jack the Ripper.
19. Hi-five Budda when he was alive.
20. Tell Elvis that, if he will insist on eating like crap, at least live better, run a mile or so a day at least.
21. Shoot John Wilkes Booth before he shoots Lincoln.
22. Snipe Lee Harvey Oswald before he kills JFK.
23. Prevent Trump from having even run for president.
24. Take a dump in the Earth's first real bathroom made by humans.
25. Head back to the future for a VR headset akin to the ones from SaO, and enjoy that forever.

That's all I can come up with off the top of my head.

>  I break into Tiffany's at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It's priceless. As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It's her father's business. She's Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning, the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico, but I go to Canada. I don't trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police. This is where the story gets interesting. I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris by the Trocadero. She's been waiting for me all these years. She's never taken another lover. I don't care. I don't show up. I go to Berlin. That's where I stashed the chandelier.

>  Go to biblical times and make a religion about me and become a god in modern times

>  I go back and meet your mom 9 months before you were born. Me and her enjoy 3 cups of coffee together at your local coffee shop. She drinks 2 and i only 1, im not that big on coffee. We later go to the local park talk about the meaning of life and the reason for people wanting kids, and if kids are necessary at all. We both have opposing views, but it doesnt turn into an argument, we change the subject to avocado toast. As our conversation hits the peak of interest of each other, we slowly walk back to my car. On the way back its quiet but calm. I drop her off at her place and ask if i can come up for another cup of coffee. She tells me, “but you don’t drink coffee.” I tell her, “no, no i do not..... so lets drink some coffee anyways.” She invites me in. We dont drink coffee.  Next, its 9 months later you’re born.

>  Back to exactly 2 weeks ago, November 16th. I flew down to spend a week with the girl of my dreams in Arizona, but the day before I left she told me she wasn't ready for a relationship and I've been depressed since. So I guess I'd just relive those first 6 days forever.

>  First of I would create a time undo button to reverse any possible problematic action I created by interfering. 

Then go back in time to the point before Hitler was received. Would stop that. Go back to my time to see the result. Hopefully I would be able to meet my grandfather. 

Also I would use it to sleep.

>  I make sure I don't get caught and put in prison for child sexual harrassment the second time round

>  Bang jack the ripper. Tear him up and decorate his body parts around the room. Claim hes still around and hes now bi. So guys watch out too. Every now and then go back and kill someone so they think hes still around. I'll be a saviour for killing jack.

>  I'd pick up Stan Lee a month prior to his death and time travel to the future to show him the impact his death made and what his ideas will create in the future 

And I'd probably have a blast chilling with the legend

>  I would go back to change every invention to be as inconvenient as possible, for example, change black for dark blue, change milk for soy milk, make the toilet seats out of something that's always cold, no spoons or forks and plates have little indentations than make soup run down your face, so everyone is miserable.

>  Go back to the start of each religion and stop the nonsense before it started.

Start logical thinking early and make earth the eden it should be.

See what I  did there?

>  To the time where I can become my fursona

>  I'd go to the year 3020 just to see where humanity is at in 100 years time. Would be interesting to see if we had colonized other planets or not by then and just general advancement as a species, modes of transport, technology etc.

>  I want to go back to when I was old enough to run away from home.

>  Give Tesla some money. Wireless phone charging.

>  I’d travel to 1790 and prevent Mozart from falling ill and prevent his early death. Then I would just stay there and enjoy all of his following concerts and new works. Glorious

>  Travel to imperial Japan to find out who built/started Yamato, and observe Himiko

>  Depends can we return to our current timeline without triggering a paradox?

If yes, back and forth in time for lotto numbers and be the first person to win multiple lottery drawings.  

If no I'd go backwards in time step by step and correct the future.  I'd start with Hitler and work my way back towards the present dealing with Climate deniers, the antivax movement, 9/11, etc etc

>  I'd go back and kill all the biggest killers, Hitler, Stalin and what not, then I would somehow solve world peice, climate change and all the world's problems and then settle down going on adventures throughout time.

>  I would obviously go and try to stop 9/11 but I'm not even sure where or when to begin lol.  I feel like doing it the night before, no one would believe me.

>  Go 400 years into the future and learn about useful technology.

>  I put on a shimmery dress and sit in a lake, waiting for Excalibur to be thrown in, whereupon it's lost to history.  Until now.

>  London during the Jack the Ripper spree so I could catch him

>  \- Make sure Caesar never makes it to that Senator meeting.

\- Watch two towns fight over a bucket

>  I’m going to the sixties so I can find a fuckin clutch linkage for my truck.

>  First things first. The future. To a time when death is defeated. To an age when there is a cure for everything. I get my hands on that cure then I go back in time to party like a rock star circa 1972. I'd go to antiquity second (after the future trip to become a superhuman). Probably ancient Greece (maybe 450BC). Party my balls off, knowing my pocket of future medicine has me covered in the event of an overdose or cardiac arrest. Not sure which party i'd time travel to next. Middle ages maybe. Wild West, at some point for sure. I'd probably go make a shit ton of money betting on historic games/stock market and then go live like a king somewhere. I'd basically be Rick Sanchez. (don't need his brain if you can time travel).

>  I would go kill that Abraham dude, should solve a bunch of problems.

>  I would take Hitler right before he killed himself, go back to the present and cut his balls off and make he uses it to drink water while I tell him how he failed to win the war.

>  First: ascertain whether this time machine is paradox protected, so I don't grandfather paradox myself to death

addendum 1: If first is false, ignore all other steps, destroy time machine, otherwise continue

Secondly: Use matter replicator created things to render myself immune to all diseases and get universal translation, if this is not possible see addendum 1

Thirdly: go back to the middle ages, use replicated drones and modern tech to make myself king of the world

Profit!

>  I go back in time to the first person that types "first" in a comments thread because they think they are the first person to post something there. 
I'll pop up behind you. Right before you hit send, if you are with other people, I'll put a bullet in your head and dip out. 
If you are alone. I'll sneak up behind you string you up with piano wire for a more personal interaction and satisfaction.

But that's the thing. After I do that. Surely some time in the future, someone else is going to think it would be important to state that they are "first". Poof, there I am to stop a plague from infecting every comment board on the internet. Thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands of lives would eventually be extinguished. However it will be a constant never-ending battle I would be proud to carry on.  Some bright day in the future; people will be shunned in the act of unoriginal, copy paste comments, enough to qwell the infection without me having to do my sworn duty.

>  I wouldn't go anywhere I would just stay here and duplicate my money.

>  Go to the far future, steal a shit ton of weapons go back to present time. Rule the world

>  Honestly if it's just fully equipped with everything, I'd cloak myself and just live my life. And maybe check out a few time eras as I go.

>  I'm going nowhere. Wikipedia can be edited by anyone. That's a death sentence if you ask me.

>  Probably going to find people who mysteriously vanished and bring them to an unclaimed island so that they'll start a tribe that will in the future be discovered. I want to keep time going right in the universe.

>  Well first I would go to Felix's house and stop the robber I just need to use the matter replicator to get a gun

>  I would consult experts on climate change on how to intervene and either stop it or slow it down, go to that time period and do whatever I could with the matter replicator.

>  Idc, all I read was a mix between Harry Potter, Star Trek, my life, and Wikipedia

>  I go to fuck hitlers mom just before her husband comes in to do the same. She’ll be left on the streets with a small child that isn’t Hitler and will most likely die of a curable disease. So WWII never happened

>  I love the story of the fall of the Romanov’s. It’s always been my favorite part of history. I’d start there and use the cloaking device to see what really happened to Anastasia. 
From there. Follow hitler. See what really happened at his time of death.  
Visit a Martin Luther king rally. Go to the tearing down of the Berlin Wall. Bring my iPhone with me so I can make a time lapse of Leonardo da Vinci creating masterpieces. Visit a New York bar during the 70’s/80’s when the Irish and Italian mafias were tearing each other apart. 

There’s so many options especially with the cloaking device.

>  I feel like the obvious answer would be to go in future and grab the lottery numbers, but I instead would go to the past and star in some sort of famous  tv show (preferably a black and white detective film) that I know will make tons of money through wikipedia, I also can make the clothes of the time with the replicator, then profit off of that. I've always thought old detective films were awesome.

>  Make infinite money. All I need is a $100 dollar bill and the matter replicator. Just duplicate money, it’s that easy!

>  I would travel to the creation of websites such as Reddit, Buzzfeed, 4chan, and etc. and watch in awe as these terrifying monstrosity are born, then I would end its life by slaughtering the programmers and destroying the servers effectively ending a plague that will devour the digitial realm that is the Internet.

>  Go back to before the Big Bang, replicate a massive bomb(s) and boom, now I’m god creator of all.

>  First, I would stop at your moms house (providing I had ever left) to do that thing she likes. Second, Diane Krugers bedroom.

>  To the very beginning of time before the Earth was created to avoid everyone's bullshit.

>  New Zealand before humans arrived!! Birds were the dominante species in New Zealand up until 800 years ago. Huge Haast Eagles, Moa, Giant Adzebill, Kakapo everywhere.

Would be super cool

>  I’ve always wondered what happened at the Roanoke colony. After that curiosity is sated I want to see how far we make it into technology-wise before we bone ourselves with war

>  Go back 1.5 million years ago, show off modern technology, become a god-like king among the Hominidae.

>  I’m gonna sit back and watch the Egyptians build the pyramids

>  I would sleep in the time machine, go back to when I started sleeping and use all my 24 hours. None of this bullshit where I waste 8 hours of my day... also use that matter replicator to create food for my family so all our income can be used to pay rent and all the extra money goes to saving. Don’t replicate the money, obviously would destroy the economy.

I don’t want to go back in time. Maybe so I can study for tests... maybe.

>  Japan. Unsure of time period. But near start of samurai

>  Maybe some time in the 1500s first, like the court of Henry VIII. But I'd stop in every possible time period. I want to see what people were like, what their worlds and societies were like, how they lived. What do the artificats we see in museums look like in the settings they were created for? Who were the people we read about in books?

>  All I need is the time machine, I’ll travel a couple hundred years back in time, bury an iPhone somewhere I will remember, come back to the present, then watch the world burn.

>  Nowhere. besides the fact that I will figure out a way to break it as soon as I try to use it, I don’t trust that someone is just giving me this without an ulterior motive

>  Visit the places my ancestors were from all while making sure I avoid becoming my own ancestor.

>  Killing Hitler before he was the Chancellor of Germany. Nobody would see me coming, and I could use a weapon not used then. Or just a steak knife

>  Back to when Mom was alive and healthy(fuck cancer) and pick her up....

I miss her

>  Why would you leave the machine its like a house but no people

>  Somewhere quiet so I can replicate a good book and a glass of wine.

Lol, no that's bullshit.  I'm gonna replicate food for 40,000 people using 0 loaves and fishes; beat Jesus at his own game.

>  Load up on foods/meds and booze. 
Load up on top tier fireworks.
Download all of iTunes.

Skip forward in time to find some hoverboard thingy and attach time machine to said thingy.

Go back in time to like 100 A.D., cloak up, and green goblin fly around above the populated areas, blowing up fucking awesome fireworks seemingly out of nowhere, loudly playing rock'n'roll and drinking grade A whiskey. 

Keep jumping ahead through time doing it. 

.. Then I'd be curious to see the new edition of "The Gods Must be Crazy" when it eventually comes out.

>  create another timeline via paradox, then go back in time and jump in timeline2 through entering the other me's time machine and destroy and break their timeline making a sandbox formyself to become god by recreating life in my name with matter replicator and basing it on the original timeline but basing it around me. I go back to the original timeline to let timeline2 fall apart while im on vacation then builing it back for fun.

>  Far the fuck away from here

>  Is there also a decontamination room and sick bay? Because if you go very far forward or back you would be exposed to all kinds of diseases and illnesses as well or you could be the guy that infects humans with the cold, flu, etc.

>  Kidnap baby Hitler

>  I go to Victorian era England with a machine gun and a ton of bullets. If anyone tries to come at me I just blow them up until I get to the king/prince who've is better looking. I demand a marriage proposal and at first they do it simply out of fear of the machine gun. But after awhile he falls in love with me. I, however, use him for political and social gain, getting the most expensive dresses, clothes, blankets made as well as having paintings made to depict their future but out past (9/11 Abe Lincoln being shot WWII all that good stuff). I will also have a ton of pictures of myself painted in clothes of various eras. After I am done confusing the people of the future I will become queen and have the rewritten so when my husband dies I will become the leader because I will have no children (he won't be able to kill me for it because I sill own the gun).

>  The same thing i always do when im given this question. Im going back in time and murdering baby Jesus and any witnesses of it. Why? I think it would be funny. Yes i will go around to other religions as well and *ahem* undo them.  

Then im gonna go 1v1 God!

>  I stop God from casting out the 7 angels from heaven so that we can live in a perfect world.

>  I go nowhere because Wikipedia can be edited by anyone, whether they're right or not, or even have sources for whatever they're editing. The entirety of wikipedia could be inaccurate for all I know, or maybe not everything, but a good chunk of it is likely inaccurate, and I don't know which bits are accurate and which aren't, so I don't trust any of it fully.

>  The 1920s so I can teach hitler how to paint

>  Back to some point in time when I could buy stock in Amazon/Google/Microsoft etc.

>  I will use this to get rich. Then I'm gonna take a field trip to the year 2004.

>  Probably going back to somewhere in 1100 to copy some weapons, put them in historical museum and get so much credit. They'll think i am very lucky, but actually i copied them from the past.

>  I would go back about 5.4 billion years and start working my way forward, just watching life grow, change, die off, grow, change, die off again, forever.

>  The Stone Age. I'd love to see all the ancient human subspecies, and of course, all the flora and fauna that are now extinct.

>  I go to 19th century London, where the cloaking device on the time machine gets stuck, making it look like a police box. I then gain the ability to live for thousands of years, regenerating my physical body whenever I am at risk of dying. I realise that I am no longer human, calling myself a Time Lord. I take on the title of “The Doctor” through time and space, recruiting mortal humans to accompany me on my rescue missions and escapades.

>  4 dates. 

First, the day of the coal mine collapse that took my dads fathers leg. 

Second, the day my dads father took the shitty advice about his prostrate cancer from his garbage doctor. Which eventually led to his death. 

Third, when my moms father got cancer in his lymph nodes on the right side of his neck. I’d tell him that he needs to go to the hospital to get checked out and have it removed. Also, to go to the hospital whenever he needed to because I’d very much like to get to know him seeing as he died when I was 5. 

Fourth and final, I’d go back to early August that just passed and tell my friend to go to the hospital because he doesn’t have the flu, it’s bacterial pneumonia and he has an undiagnosed heart condition that ended up killing him. He was 28.

>  Bruh id go confront like some king and show him our technology and then take over the planet

>  The first screening of Star Wars (1977) I want to experience it like my dad did.

>  I will collect famous historical figures for my senior level history class end of year speech

>  Open Wikipedia, click on random links until I find something that interest me. When I find an interesting article that I want to learn more that I'll visit the actual place, I time travel..... 

.....to before I open the Wikipedia. And alter the first link of the Wikipedia to direct my future self to a specific Wikipedia article that I know I'm gonna be interested to visit. Then I'll go there waiting my future self butt naked preparing to rape my future self ass.

Only to find my former self was already there prepared to rape me. I let him rape me, while I wait for my future self to arrive at this time so that both me and my former self can rape my future self. And watch this event unfold and repeat itself till eternity. 

This is gonna be a bamboozlement that I'll never forget. Shit gonna be cash.

>  The place where Junko Furuta was tortured for 44 days.


No I’m not in it for joy, just seeing if some things happened that weren’t said.

>  I go to the future to play Half Life 3.

>  To the opening day of the 2015/16 premier league season and place the maximum bet on Leicester City at 5000/1 

The greatest sporting upset in modern history.

>  1. Saturn’s Rings

2. 2100 to see if I achieve my dream (you’ll know if I achieve it, trust me)

3. 1899 to get wasted at a saloon

4. July 4th, 1776

5. The day I was born, to see myself as a baby

6. Sagittarius A*

7. GJ 1214-B

8. The Orion Nebula

9. December 25th, 2024

10. 1348 to get a sample of the Black Death, for, uh, “study...”

11. 1984, just to see what it was like

12. July 16th, 1969, Houston, Texas

13. Northern Canada, to see the aurora lights

14. Santa’s workshop, to shit on his fucking grave for breaking into my house and eating my cookies

15. Area 51

16. Any date and place when something supernatural was rumored to happen, to see if it was true

>  When the law is not invented yet :3

>  I would do the biff tannen money trick, then I would prevent the rise of bigotry by using cloaking to silently neutralize bigots. I would need to allow 9/11 to happen so a grandfather paradox doesn't happen because I only exist because of it because I was born exactly 9 months after to the day. I would go back to 1913 Vienna and provide funds for Sigmund Freud to start a support group for free thinkers. This would end up fixing many real world issues. Then, I would convince Hiroshi Yamauchi to keep its' deal with Sony AND Philips from the start, (plus Panasonic later on, then Sega, both as normal here in this timeline) in the spirit of the Red Book to create the most humorous way of power. Then, to stop Microsoft, I would convince Tramiel not to jump companies but to instead merge the Atari and Commodore lines, before obeying the USA NES Atari deal to make Tengen Tetris official, give the NES BCD in the cpu, and then make the NES APU support expansions in US copies. Then I would allow some co-releases. Also, I would replicate lost protos and money. Then I would save artifacts and dupe them. Same for files by low level drive cloning. Then I would buy EVERYTHING proto and dump it after lobbying via exorbitant amounts of cash to disable copyright and I would duplicate votes for clinton. I would then duplicate Beta build discs, lost media, the rarer hardware such as Playstation proto, and literally everything else.

>  10 seconds ago so i can stop myself from destroying the entire word, because future past me would probably somehow do that.

>  There’s a bed, a bath, and a matter replicator for me to make my own food. I’m going to stay in there and read Wikipedia curled up in a blanket. If I have Netflix, even better. (I know it’s a time machine but like...I could just stay home)

>  It can replicate money. Go to the (as far as possible) future where paper money is still good, buy all the newest tech and other modern things I might want, and bring them back. I would say sell them for a fortune, but I have infinite money. Just enjoy them I guess

>  I would go back in time to when they would kill you for literally anything and replicate myself, then I would make my copy say something offensive so my copy gets killed. Then do it again and again until I’m famous and come back now.

>  Gonna go hunt a T-Rex to see if it tastes like chicken because apparently chickens are the evolved form of them...?

>  I'd wanna go back in time and tell 3rd grade me it will get better and suicide is NEVER and option and that you have to stick up for yourself.

>  I would take a 12 gauge to 50 million years ago and shoot the fish that was crawling out of the water.

>  Well first things first I’d go to my local bookstore and pick up a copy of Grays Sports Almanac 1950-2000. Then I’d go back to the 50s and bet my way to an empire. I’d use that money to build a hotel and casino and spend all my time there.

>  Try to safely rip through space-time and visit different video game universes, safely

>  Well since it doesn't have Teleportation device I can't use it because I won't be on Earth if I go forward or backward in time

>  Prevent Stalin, make sure Trotsky gains power and then can actively pursue his ideals without the Nazis, Japanese or Allies undermining or interfering.

Document the results on video, then go back and stop myself, and instead do the same for Hitler.  Document the results, then go back and do the same for the Empire of Japan. Then do the same for Napoleon. Then do the same for the British, preventing the secession of the 13 colonies. Then do the same for the African continent preventing the trans-atlantic slave trade. Then prevent any travel to the Americas and document how the Americas would have developed without interference. Then see what happens if the Mongol Empire endures, and the Macedonian Empire, and the Roman Empire, the Persian Empire, the Delian League, the Cambodians. Document it all.

Then reset everything, bring all the documentation back here and publish everything. Let the world see what could have been.  See what they do with that information.  Don't actually change anything in the end. Just let people know what could have been, and see if/what they change for themselves.

>  Going to get a copy of Half-Life 3. Brb.

>  To the toilet. Make sure it works :/

>  Watch the battle of agincourt, battle of trafalgar, battle of Waterloo, Gettysburg, Verdun, etc. 

Have contemporaneous camera equipment and film it; Then hover down and grab stuff and take it back for a museum with “found” things or footage.

>  First I'm withdrawing all my money from my bank account into cash. Then i back in 2015, kill my past self, and invest all my money into a bitcoin.

>  Come on, everyone knows the rule: you get a time machine, the first thing you do is kill Hitler.

>  I'm going back to 1472 to open a bank at Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena in Italy. I'm going to keep putting money into it and seeding other accounts as major banks open and then I'm coming back to the present to spend my accrued interest.

I'm also going to go around through time and place winning bets to seed my finances. I'm going to be rich, bitch.

>  Get a hundred dollar bill and replicate it thousands of times.

>  If I got a time machine, I'm pretty sure I'd never come back. So for starters, I'd use that matter replicator to generate some heckin' diamonds, find my friends and family, thank them for everything they've ever done, wish them the best (cry and give them bone crushing hugs), and hand them a diamond to set them up for the rest of their lives. I'll take the sick and the old to the future first and give them another 10-20 years with the new medicine that's bound to be there. Then I'd say my final goodbyes and head straight to when Hitler committed suicide just so I can watch. After that, to the future.

>  I would go a week ago to different countries and so would travel

>  Build some Stonehenge type stuff so people get confused as shit as to how they got built.

>  Assuming that the matter replicator can also recreate skin cells and other cells? Hookers here I come, why the fuck would I go somewhere

>  I go back in time, kill my mom in her crib and cause the universe to enter an infinite loop. Enjoy your pre-IT decades playing over and over and over, just like groundhog day.

>  I'd replicate a dirty-looking space suit with the name-tag "Einstein," and go to the Moon's Sea of Tranquility just ahead of the Apollo landings.

>  Imagine going back 10-15 thousand years back and finding out most legends from india and Egypt and latin america of a golden age of technology was true.

>  Five hours ago. Sleep until now-me leaves. Then come out, fully rested, having not missed anything.

>  I'd visit each one of my pets that I'd lost and spend a little more time with them. And family.  Then I'd go to as many beautiful places as possible.  Without lingering too long in each and come back to the moment I left.

>   Boulder, Colorado, early Christmas morning, 1996. I’m finding out who the hell killed JonBenét.

>  Cleaveland, December 2004. I'm going to save Dimebag Darrell from being murdered. We're gonna get that next Damageplan album. We're gonna see that Pantera reunion. And we're gonna keep one of the best guitar players and genuinely cool dudes around from being taken off this earth in such a senseless tragedy.

&#x200B;

Pantera Cowboys From Hell 30th anniversary tour! With Special guests Lamb Of God, Sepultura, Machine Head & Exhorder!

>  I'd start with going to the future to see how technology comes along. I might be able to get a new type of SRS or gender affirming treatment beyond my dreams. Then I'd go to the past, ~1980s, to see all the things I missed before I was born. Retro Nintendo, blockbuster in it's prime (maybe even visit the local one before it became the last blockbuster), old IBM computers, arcades.  I think I might want to visit one of my ancestors who won 3 Oscars and was influential in Hollywood, interview him. He has a Wikipedia page himself, so he'd be amazing to talk to! After a while, if leaving Earth wasn't an option I'd probably special:random and go where it takes me. I'd probably try to make my lifespan as long as possible using technology of the future and settle down somewhere where I can get a private spot of land, maybe with a spouse, and live a quiet life for a while, not having to work and getting to live a life of leisure. Beyond material needs I would be able to educate myself on all aspects of the past and the future, or may find it pointless and simply opt to do live somewhere rainy. I find sitting in the rain to be the most relaxing thing for me, I could go around to every single rainstorm ever. I would be able to live without stress and be content with my life.

>  Lemme meet Jesus. We need to discuss some things

>  Probably to the time and place of Jesus to see once and for all if he's real or not.

This could either calm me down about where I'll go when I die or scare the living shit out of me because of the possibility of the void.

But it's also Schrodinger's cat because do I really want to know for 100% certain?

Scuse me while I have an existential crisis.

>  I would probably break it on accident. All that stuff sounds fancy and i don't think i could find a wiki how on how to use it

>  I seed technology into the cultures dominated by colonial Europe to see if I can reverse Guns Germs and Steel

>  Assuming I have a way to also make myself not carry deadly diseases, I'd go back in time like 600 years around the Northeast United States.  One of my fantasies is being able to completely withdraw from everything to live in nature whenever I need to just to get a break from everything and maybe even work on something. The Northeast US specifically only because I live around there and it'd still feel a little familiar despite much of the landscape being very different.

>  Honestly I would say the 1980's or 70's, the wikipedia information would be pretty believable to those scientific minds then, at least I hope. And maybe that can propel technology pretty quickly and we could have some cool shit.

>  get wiki as wrong as possible

>  Where we're going, we dont need Wikipedia.

>  Does our body go back into the one we had at the time? If so then back a few months to reverse a thing that happened to me. If not then back 6 months to watch videos on Youtube that were copyright striked for no apparent reason.

>  First I destroy Wikipedia because it ain't a reliable source I then get a better source, I don't want to have wrong history facts when I time travel.

>  I go to dinosaur times and save a bunch of them and see what happens if they survived the meteor. Or, i would still go to dinosaur times, but this time i would make an army of dinosaurs and use them to fight evil and stuff, like a dinosaur hero army. That’d awesome

>  Go back before the Egyptians first started building the pyramids and when they start just basically make them exactly where they are today and this will be my way of messing with people and do the same thing with stone henge and easter island so people think that it was these ancient people did these great things but Haha wrong it was future man

>  Steins;Gate has taught me enough to know the time travel aspect is better left ignored. I'll just make it a really cool movable home.

>  So we get the TARDIS? Cool. I suppose I’d go to the time and place of my birth, greet my parents and tell them they’ll know me soon. I’d continue to travel and befriend my younger self. Younger me from that timeline would think back on those times when he gets older and realizes he is beginning to look like that strange person he keeps seeing. Then I’d leave to go explore the far future, then return to the present day with a colossal knowledge of what will happen in the future.

>  Check out the Neanderthal 50,000 years ago and see how similar they were to humans.

>  Wherever I am 10 years in the future to ask what went wrong.

>  Anywhere, About 14 billion years ago...let's see what happens

>  Will go to future to learn the cure for Cancer,Aids.

>  I would use it to confim/deny religion. I would observe Jesus after he was taken down from the cross, Moses as he "split the water" and so on

>  Definitely do that thing Biff did in Back to the Future 2 where he buys a sports history book and bets on all the games

>  Break hitlers knee caps and turn bring him to the us as he's about to kill himself.

>  To catch my grandmas cancer in time m, Even though her death had enabled me to get out of an abusive house and actually go out and meet people I met my husband because of it.

>  I go to 1914 to stop Jewish time travellers trying to kill Hitler and make friends with him.

>  Go to Greece. Specifically, a day before an eclipse. Dress in whatever royalty dressed in at the time (most likely silk) and claim I'm a God of medicine and prophecies. I'll give them some modern medicine pills and tell them the Gods are angry with the current ruler and they will hide the sun until the ruler is driven out. I'll take over and deliver a prophecy that i will disappear for a long while, but will return periodically. Aka, i'll return the day before a disaster appears and say they need to change a vauge thing before the Gods get angry.

Tldr: go to Greece and fuck around until i become apart of the mythology.

>  I would go back to the founding of wikipedia and screw it up.

Then see what happened to the entirety of Wikipedia in my possession. 

If I'm going to risk breaking history might as well start with an experiment.

>  First thing I would do is stop my brothers conception (he is evil) to test what would happen to me. After this one of two things would happen I would disappear and become stuck in a paradox or create an alternate timeline in which he was never born but I continue to exist as a ruminant of the original timeline. If I be come a ruminant then I will go on to have secret meetings with my past self to give him advice on what to do in order to prevent anything embarrassing.


Also I would give myself hella cash

>  What about a TV? Does it come with Disney Plus? The people of the millennia before and after us must be educated on the ways of Baby Yoda!!

>  One or two days into the future to see who won games, races, contracts etc., so I can dip back to the present and clean house!

>  So basically, completely safe time travel? I can go anywhere and not have to worry about any harm coming to me? Well, since my view of time travel is that no matter what I do in the past, the future doesn't change because there's only one past and my actions are already in it, then... time for an all-expenses-paid gourmet world tour through space and time. Dodo, ground sloth, weird carboniferous vegetables... we eating good tonight bois!!!

>  start fixing all the citation needed shit, no need to do what we already have gone over before.

this can be interpreted to mean I edit wikipedia to reflect what actually happened;

or I edit what happened to reflect wikipedia.

>  Back to the dissapearance of Jimmy Hoffa, just to see what the fuck happened

>  I save Hitler and become the leader of the new world

>  If I'm decked out with all that stuff, I'm not going anywhere.

>  I’d need a Bablefish, but I’d want to go to The Sinai at the beginning of the Exodus to see the sea part and God speak at Mt. Sinai.

>  I would help hitler to win ww2, see how the things turn out,and if its terrible imma go back in time again and shoot him or something

>  I’d go back in time to before reddit was created to stop them from creating this toxic site, then again it would be cool to see my grandpa before he decided to kill himself, miss you grand papa Hitler

>  Jack off in it

>  Forward!!  Get the info about the next hundred environmental catastrophes and place bets! No one will believe that they will occur as climate change is just for idiots!

>  Sounds like I have everything in life ya need except love.  Guess I'm gonna go find Emma Watson.

>  The 60's. When the music scene was amazing. Jani, Jimmi, and so many more artists I'd love to see. And visit Chelsea Hotel when in it's prime. To be a fly on those walls. And then I'd go back even further to the romantic and baroque periods and follow around my favorite composers.

>  3000 AD, to see if we're still at the around by then. Also, hopefully we'll have most of the answers by then.

>  Show the king of England  in 1772 what happens if you f*** with a bunch of colonists

>  Steal Hitlers Video Games

>  I make precious metals, sell enough of them to tank the market (suck it, Fox News), invest the money, and go far enough into the future to benefit from age-prolonging medicine.

Once I'm a god, I change the cultures of the world by promoting and suppressing the right people, and steer our species into a golden age.

We now live in Star Trek, and I am Q.

>  Replicate all the great movies and then travel back in time when the people theorised what would happen in one of the movies (for example infinity war) and spoil everything about it.

>  I would go get the mother 3 n64 prototype and bring it back to the present for it to be sold and leaked online

>  I'd set up a controlled experiment where I see if its absolute time travel where grandpa paradox's crash reality, or multiverse time travel, where alterations don't have consequences.  Pretty important that.

Then into the future, while wearing a hazmat suit, because future diseases would ruin my un-evolved biome.

If I travel to the past, wear a mazmat suit so that my advanced evolved bacteria/viruses don't reek absolute havoc on everything.

Pretty much you can't do anything in the future or past, because your biology is meant for **THIS TIME ALONE**.

>  2112 to give Geddy Lee a guitar

>  Verdun. I’ve read all of the awful stories about being a human meat grinder and I don’t think any other event in human history would sober me up and make me appreciate life more then watching Verdun unfold.

>  Rome. 46 BC.

>  Go to all the likely times life arose on the earth. I need to see it.

>  I'd go to a Chucky cheese in 1983 and renact the fnaf story so it's true
Edit: I'd also make the animatronics, change my name and make Fazbear entertainment etc so the games would bee 100% acute

>  First place I’d go would be to bible times to confirm my religious beliefs, then Dinos, then 50’s, then buy bitcoin when it’s fractions of a penny, then as far into the future as I can go where life is still viable on earth to see if humans progressed or regressed. Also use the cloaking device to go to WW1 and WW2 to see what the soldiers truly went through

>  Pearl Harbor. The Navy boutta get a crash course in the use of anti-aircraft missiles and radar fire control.

>  No where, i got a free house and the ability to never be late or sleep deprived again, maybe pop back like a week to buy a lottery ticket

>  Spring 1990 and tour with the grateful dead.

It would be kind cool to go see the buddha but a weird white guy who talks in gibbersh, doesnt understand anyone, who wears the weirdest clothes and appears out of nowhere would probably cause a scene.

>  I think I would have knocked off some of the fanatic religious leaders and worked to get science and the arts to the forefront of governments. Rather than churches leading the world, work to get scientists and artists moving things along.

>  Unfuck the world by assassinating key historical figures.

>  probably use the replicator to replicate the technology

>  To the future to increase my lifespan, then to the past to have fun :).

>  Kill Hitler before he becomes fuhrer and cause a war with the Soviet union and japan with giant robots

>  I go to the beginning of time and tell whoever is there that they're making a huge mistake and should stop.

>  Travel into the future when they inevitable solve aging and death. Become immortal. Everything can come after that, I'd have all the time in the world.

>  Hey friends, we're going on a road trip back in time to invest all of our money in the stock market! There's this guy named Steve Jobs. Now I dont know about you, but I'm planning on investing... All of my money in the early stages of that

>  I would first go like 1000 years into the future, and try to save the wikipedia from that time, hoping that it would give me insight into my future, and not just my past like present day wikipedia would.

>  Travel to 100 ad and go to the Roman Empire.

I will make them believe I am a god, essentially ruling Rome in the process

>  1.) Stop my parents, grandparents and rest of extended family from smoking

2.) Push my cousin to pursue her dreams as a singer instead of going for physics 

3.) Relive certain days that were a blast

4.) Cause a FUCK TON of trouble lmao

>  I would go get hitler at his final moments bring him to the present, give him a haircut and shave and leave him there to offend people with his “conservative” views and let him be alone. I wouldn’t think he would last long or try anything bad so he would just be a very anti-semitic asshole

>  Going back to 12 and 13th century to tell Mongol Empire that they need to destroy China. Also going back to 18 and 19th century to save Mongolia from Manj’s colony. Also also telling the president and 76 useless shts to fix economics before we are getting eaten by China

>  As far forward as I can until I find the point at which the zombie apocalypse happens. Find a zombie, make it harmless by cutting off the jaw or whatever, take off its arms and legs so it has to wiggle worm in order to move, then go back to present day and put it in my best friend’s ex’s closet. Fuck him. Shouldn’t kill him, but rather scare 50 years off his life.

>  Maybe not first.... But would love to follow my ancestors up the tree through time.

>  Matter replicator? Ha, I'm going back to 1963 with a couple hundred dollars in my pocket and a CAD drawing of a Ford Mustang.

>  Personally me, I would love to be through the 19th and early 20th century. (The Victorian era) and just travel around the world through time one event/place at a time. But if I had to chose the first location. It would be a tie between London 1890 (UK),  Houston 1840 (the Republic of Texas) or 1913 (USA), Berlin 1880 (Imperial Germany), or Tokyo 1900 (Japan).  But I would primarily go through major events such as German unification under Prussia, the Meiji restoration, The beginning of the Roaring Twenties, and finally The Great War (Aka: World War 1). I would love to see how the culture, technology, and way of life was back then was so different to how it was now. I personally think it’s fascinating.

>  If I get a translator, I'm going to meet the Buddha, Jesus, and Mohammad and ask them wtf is up. If I don't get a translator, I'm just gonna buy a shit load of Microsoft stock 30 years ago and spend the gains on bitcoin 10 years ago, which I'll sell 2 years ago.

>  Back to the first time I read the Harry Potter series. I want the wonder and excitement again. He said as he's on page 75 of book one for the umpteenth time.

>  Go to maybe 100 years in the future and download the updated and current(future) wikipedia database and return back to my original timeline. That way I could make investments and small bets and lotteries in my own timeline without having to give up current luxuries or adapt to future societies.

>  I'd go to the very next day, collect a bunch of data then bounce back to the previous day. Proceed to collect a handful of payouts from various no risk bets or investments and continue to do this until I was the head of a galactic time traveling pirate society.

>  Head out and find Hitler as a child, then I would take his god darned self outside of time and make him into a better person with respect for everyone, eventually releasing him back to his time to do good in the world, then I would go find every other human who has done something terrible and slowly tip the world to be a better place.

>  Honesty, my first destination would probably just be 10 years into the past. No specific reason really. I just think going back to re experience what everything was like and the memories I could remember from that time.

>  Everyone wanting to go visit the past is surprising to me. I'd want to see how things turn out - start jumping ahead ten years at a time....

....did Trump get reelected? Does Cincinnati ever win the Super Bowl? Are electric planes ever a thing? Do people ever upload themselves into computers? Mars? Do we get to live on Mars? Cancer? Surely we finally beat cancer.

There is no end to the questions I have about the future. I fucking hate that I won't get to see it all.

>  Honestly start by going back to a place in time where you know a bunch of treasure is discovered in the future based on wikipedia's knowledge,  get the treasure,  sell the treasure. Then go to there start of every decade and invest in companies that you know are gonna hit it big soon.  As you go to the next decade you sell stock and reinvest in the next big thing.  Eventually you make so much money you're a trillionaire.  Then you go into the future after leaving your money invested in a 1% interest savings account.  The future you stop at is a space-fi where corporations rule everything and you own the largest most powerful corporation over an entire galaxy and thousands of planets.  You use your fortune to stay alive forever and ever using genetic clones and conscious transplants.

>  Go back to 2016 and fix some paperwork that I made a mistake on(I accidentally put I did not file taxes in 2016) which is biting me hard core in the butt rn. All because of a "yes/no" question. It's literally costing me thousands, when is should have been $0

>  I'd replicate my dad a new heart, take it back about 18 months, get it implanted, and completely avoid his death so he could at least have lived long enough to attend my wedding.

>  My 7th grade algebra teacher used to do this thing where he’d make a show and say “alright, if [name] invents time travel, then they’ll appear right HERE right NOW!” So id use it to go there probably.

>  I would never go to the past to solve or resolve anything cause it's because of the past we are where we are but I would totally go to the future and visit all my descendents and just explore with no goal in mind.

>  Go back to the biz are summer of 1999 and tell Josuke about Kira so Shigechi doesnt die


Wait your telling me Jojo isn't real?
*looks at matter replicator*
It is now bitch

>  Lookup lost ship entries, follow them and recover and currency. Copy library of Alexandria. Prevent a nation of two.

>  (Sorry for my bad English in advance) I would go back to 1930's Estonia to see the beautiful towns of Narva and Ivangorod, to see how they looked like before the bombing during ww2. I'd also gather as much intel on the old republic as i possibly could.

>  go back and invest all my money into bitcoin

>  I take a manuscript of all of YouTube's website coding and bring it back to 2004 to create it as MeTube

>  Go back in time to different artists and creators who died depressed and just before they’re death show them the future where they’re appreciated

>  Early theorists for a start.

>  Dinosaurs
Then to as far as I can go into the future
And then back to Dinosaurs so I can replicate what I saw and destroy the universe as a whole

>  Forget the past and put it in full gear forward. This small spec of history we’re living is so ridiculously insignificant in the grand scheme of things.

>  I would go to the stone age and rescue early hominids (eg Boskop Man) from their fate. The first thing I would replicate would be antibiotics to protect the early peoples from me.   
I would attempt to advance early humanity with the goal of a more environmentally sustainable, peaceful, intelligent and purposeful society.

>  It's the 5 year anniversary of having to put our dog Gabe to sleep, so I'd go back five and a half years and annoy the crap out of him with many scritches and attention.

>  So basically the wave rider from dcs legend of tomorrow?
Anyways I would go to 2040
Some where up north I don’t know where maybe Colorado but I like the cold
And any new tech invented in the next 2 decades would be awesome to use
I won’t need to have home as I have the time machine with all of the essentials save money on bills and shit and any money I need can be obtained by working at Wendy’s if they still exist 

Wendy’s is my favorite fast food place and while a normal person loving on their own would work there I’m not normal
I love in a time machine so I don’t have to pay all those bills and shit
So any money I need can be made working part time at 2040 Wendy’s

>  Ohh man. I'd spend the rest of my life going around the world seeing what wildlife was like before humans killed most of it off. Imagine the massive amount of life you see in documentaries about Africa, with the herds of wildebeest and zebra and lions and leopards and cheetahs... But with that many animals everywhere except deserts...

>  I would go back in time and do my life better. And hopefully be able to save my parents

>  I would try to unite all the people of the world to work together by offering technology we have today into the past. Maybe convince them to use the high tech stuff to work together and build civilizations on the moon or mars.

>  Go to 10th century North America and give the natives a science boost. Just giving them ancient and classical era techs could have at least leveled the playing field for when the Spanish showed up.

>  Well, I'd go to the future and see what badass stuff they bring up. Then, I go to 2017, get a Ford GT, then go back to the medieval ages to show people what the future holds. Why? Idk, probably outta boredom.

>  destroy the time machine, dont wanna start ww3 like in steins gate

>  I would go check out places like Machu Pichu, Angkor Wat, and Egypt pyramids at their heydays. 

Basically go as far back as possible, to the early civilizations.

>  If it could travel in time? I wouldn't use it, i would just get some money and farm the matter replicator. If it could move in space time? I would go 25 years into the future and do the same. When ive consumed enough media i will go forward another 25 years and repeat until we have time travel completed in practice by someone other than myself then i would sell the schematics of my time machine and use the money to build a colonization ship. By then we should be able to map the human brain. I will upload myself to the mainframe of my ship. Then i, a respected and rich scientists/physysist of the world, will file applications to the fittest, the healthiest, the most athletic people of the world. The people who accept the application will be taken to the ship, have their conscious uploaded into a separate storage apart of the mainframe and then put their consciousness into a dormant state, while in turn preserving the bodies using the best of modern technology. Once i have a few hundred thousand people into my colony's ship i will set off into space and put myself into autopilot, so that i would awaken only when something goes wrong. In this autopilot there will be a separate AI always active with the purpose of keeping the ship clean and repairing the ship. It will also map out possible candidates to where we are heading. We will be going to the Andromeda galaxy. After we arive i will come out of autopilot and traverse space time to look for a planet suitable for human colonization. Once find one i will land, set some basic structures up and boot the humans back into their bodies. I will coppy myself in my original body while having my AI self still in the mainframe. The ai will help with the prosperity of new civilization and i will live as a hermit enjoying my new life of peace and tranquility. If there is sentient life i would like to engage in peaceful relations with them, i would love to get some alien pussy.

>  To a library to get a real history book.

>  search on wikipedia how many garlic bread can i possible replicate

>  Your grandmas house

>  To the time before I finished reading my last read. So I can enjoy it again.

>  One thousand years into the future. I can study the past, and visiting it is definitely on the agenda, but the future first.

>  14th century england (everybody is dumb becase the enlightenment hasn't began yet) memorize some solar eclipses, and tell the common folk i made it happen and predict the next couple of them, ill tell them i was sent by the one and only god and overthrow the goverment by revolting, then i will just hide the amounts of gold i have made through my half baked religion and will look for it in the present.


Or just go to 1973 and buy 5 milion USD worth of mcdonalds shares (about 900,000,000 USD in 2019)

>  I'd skip forward in time in 100 year increments to check out technological developments. Once I find the perfect time I stay there.

>  I would probably go back to the first embarrassing moment I remember and fix the hell out of it

>  Go back in time to prehistoric Earth, fly to Mount St. Hilary, break in to the alien craft there, and murder the machine lifeforms in stasis there bearing an evil looking purple emblem.

>  Welp obeying laws of time apparently. I go in the future to watch anime that’s come out. If we’re not obeying laws of time. I’d go meet my great grandpa my dad tells me about all the time. Seems like a great guy.

>  Has no one said threesome with Helen of Troy and Cleopatra yet? Also gang bangs at Caligula’s crib? Bunch of amateurs in this thread.

>  Warn the Native Americans about European colonization, perhaps start a 200-something year prophecy that unites America into one power before the age of contact. Teach them the languages of the old world, its technology, etc. They would be unstoppable.

>  I would would go to the future first than come back and use my new knowledge to make a new better  world.

>  Win the lottery in the future and bring the $2.5 trillion back to present day. I haven't thought much beyond that.

>  Im going back a year to fix my problems

>  I will bring funk to the neanderthal or die in the attempt.

>  I’d destroy that piece of shit cuz it would render life useless

>  I'd start creating an absurdly complicated timeline in which I'm always visiting myself until there is usually more than one version of me at any given moment and I can just hang out with myself. It will be the most complicated time travel plotline ever.

>  I'd go see my grandma that passed away at the beginning of 2018. She was the light of my life. When we lost her I never thought the darkness would become bright again. It only did because my beautiful niece was born 5 months later. But it was the darkest 5 months of my 27 years of life so far!

Edit: typo

>  Just call it what it is, a TARDIS. If like to be about five miles from the burial of Genghis Khan and Alexander the Great and watching through binoculars. An English king lost his treasure column in a swamp. It would be nice to dig that up too.

>  .. So you're saying that I can go back and forth between timelines, obtain knowledge on ways to potentially stay immortal, and fuck around with everyone by using the Matter Replicator to make legit aliens of my design?

Not to mention I could bring whoever I want with me??

Imagine even making a very discreet secret paying service where you can let someone see into the past or the future of some point if they paid enough. Archeological studies will boom, our current scientific knowledge will skyrocket, which will make more knowledge for the future that's available to the present.. Hence repeat? 

This is so exploitable I'm laughing in "German mad scientist".

>  December 25, 1996 10:00PM in a suburban house in Boulder, Colorado. Just wanna know what really/exactly happened. It was probably the brother, but just need to know for sure.

>  Step 1:Drop a book full off pictures of modern people, places, technology, transportations, some of the things that are happening in modern day, medicine, discoveries and stuff from the modern world throughout different places in time like, 18th century france, around the 1910s, prehispanic civilizations in america, ancient egypt, the wild west, the civil war, etc.  
Step 2: Profit.  
Oh and I would also look at dinosaurs.

>  I’d basically become like a mini-terminator that was also doctor who. 

Also, would there be a kitchen and a entertainment room so you could watch the news from your exploits?

1. Stop the Kennedy assassination

2.Kill Hitler

3.Find a way to steer the course of history, so that China isn’t just another nazi regime. 

4.write Star Wars before George Lucas does just to be a plagiarizing twat that’s having way too much fun. Got to have som fun

>  Have a list of certain historical events that i wanna visit. Pyramids is one.

Go to certain points in history to try to influence some events,so the world does not go towards global warming.

I would probably die doing so..so will complete debunking the "aliens must have done it"list first.

>  Go back and stop both my grandads from gambling their fortunes away... they lost so much money that they lost their LAND!

>  Go back in time and feed the Donner Party some nutritious foods so they don't murder and eat the Native American guides they had. That's all I can think of without drastically changing history.

>  Because I can not only go whenever I want but also whenever I want, I’d go explore space. Find out if there really are any other inhabited planets, plus what it’s like to be up close to a nebula and other cool space shit. Finally when I’m ready to die I’d yeet myself through a black hole to see if wormholes are real things.

This would for sure do some really wack stuff with time if I not only travelled though time, but also travelled long distances in space (further distancing myself from present time on Earth), and then eventually went through a worm hole.

Edit: I wouldn’t even need to kill my real self if I wanted to explore a black hole, since if I have a matter replicator I could just make a clone of myself!

>  I would go back in time and keep on trying to win NNN over and over again

>  I'd visit from the time of Jesus's birth to his crucifixion, even though I know the story I'd love to see it in person. The birth and ultimate sacrifice of the Lord was assuredly something special. I'd also like to see other miracles of the Bible. Dinosaurs would be fascinating to see, ice ages, early humans, and major discoveries would also be on my list. Founding of America would be a big one as well, witnessing not only my liberty loving forefathers fighting a tyrannical government and winning, but also creating the worlds greatest nation on earth.

>  I put my son to bed, go get a perfectly cooked steak and asparagus with a baked potato.  I eat that, get my current crochet projects, and work on those.  I get 8 real hours of sleep.  I come back in the 1.5-2 (if I am lucky) hours after I put my son to sleep, nurse him, and make sure the milk I would have pumped in that time (probably ly 5-10 oz) is scalded and stored properly in the freezer.

>  The birth of the universe, duh. Just to watch and enjoy before everything went to shit.

>  Just chill and watch historic events like it was a movie. Don’t want no time paradoxes.

>  As far as where I would go first would be dependent on one thing, if I was suspended in time myself in that I don’t age I would record every major event in history, video, audio, whole nine yards, I would unlock our past in a way we could never imagine now. If I was not essentially immortal I would likely do something similar but significantly more selective, as opposed to the *entire* Hundred Years’ War only the key parts. My life would be dedicated to recording the past for all to see.

>  I would go find Socrates Johnson and philosophize with him.

>  Go to a time before guns and take a gun with me



I'll be a literal God, who would fight against some guy who can kill someone with the push of a finger?

>  * I want to go to the past and knock out the guy who started this anti-vax campaign before he even has a chance to think about it.
* I want to go to the past and knock some sense into the person who started the incels forum.
* I want to dismantle Breitbart before it even goes live.
* I'll convince Ronald Reagan not to run for POTUS.
* I'll kidnap Trump before he can even apply to run for POTUS and put him on a remote island with no cell phone access or access to the Internet, let alone Twitter.
* I'll convince Hillary Clinton not to use a private email server.
* I'll infiltrate all of the men-only clubs just for funsies.

>  Go back and punch the monk dead who erased calculus so he could write some stupid scripture. Or using the matter replicator, give him some damn paper.

Also go back and give proof of all of our current discoveries that were actually discovered hundreds or thousands of years ago.

>  I'd go back and bet on sports events.

>  go to my most impactful childhood memories to see if I remember them correctly or just to watch them from a third person perspective. 

I made a lot of dumb jokes in my past and I like to look through them in my camera roll but it doesn't go past 8th grade (when I got my first smartphone) or the ones I made in person. I'm very curious if I made any good jokes when I was 4.

>  Assuming there is still a society around, far into the future.  I'll use the matter replicator to create whatever resource is in demand, trade it for goods and live a life that would seem like that of a God to me.

>  I just use it to pause time whenever I really need to catch up on sleep or when it feels like everything is moving too fast.

>  I would go to the state of Florida on November 7, 2000, use my matter replicator to make 10,000 votes from a list of registered voters who didn't vote in that election, and use my cloaking device to add them to vote count.

President Gore will then take it from there.

>  Kill you as a baby. Sorry bro but you'll build a time machine that'll rip the space time continuum.

>  came here to see how many people killed Hitler...

>  I would only go back to the early evening of July 18th, 2019 to before my fiancée's youngest sister made the decision to go with some guy to a convenience store in a Corvette and tell her not to get into the car because she would not make it more than 1 block before she was killed.

That's all I want - to stop that day from happening and bringing joy back to her family, and stop the pain I feel every day because we all miss her.

>  I would go back in time and kill Stalin, Gorbachev, and prevent Viktor Tsoi's(Soviet Rockstar)  death.

>  Take over the world with my clone army made using the matter replicator.
 
 


Or just have a giant orgy with myself.

>  1. Take some money, say 1000$, deposit it in a good bank when this amount meant a LOT. Also, buy some stuff i know is gonna be expensive in the future. Also buy some land, since my current money would make me a millionaire there. Come back to the present, and withdraw my savings, sell the land and the antiques. Since the value would have largely increased, i would become damn rich. Then repeat till i become a millionaire.
2. It would be fun going back in time and solving unsolved mysteries, like that jack the ripper dude, since i know where he will strike next.
3. Go reallly back in time to see if gods existed in Earth. Say, greek mythology maybe.
4. Meet celebrities before they become celebrities.
5. If possible, check out how the universe was created. Lets hope i dont die.
6. Ride a dinosaur.
7. Meet my ancestors.
8. Check out the most spectacular or rare sights, or watch wars unfold.
9. Meet 5 year old me.
10. Go back in time and buy expensive lotterly tickets i know are gonna win. Also, horse races.

>  Back to work, that's where I go. I'll sell that time machine and not have an adventure

>  I want to use the time machine to watch the building of the pyramids to its current state. I want to have a profound chat with Socrates, and have him question everything about my life to the point of annoyance. I want meet John Locke and Thomas Hobbes while they conceptualize the concepts of universal rights. I would love to meet Sun Tzu, Zheng He, and how they changed the course of human history. I also want to meet Ashoka while he formulated the Edicts, and understand what made him understood why the world needed Laws and Justice. I also wanted to meet Marcus Aurelius to learn Stoicism and the precepts of the Pax Romana which would evolve to the league of Nations and soon follows the United Nations. I wanted to meet all the grandchildren of Queen Victoria before they all go to war with each other. I also want to have a nice chat with King John while he wrote the Magna Carta, and witness the start of the plague that would annihilate most of Europe at the port of Messina, and witness the 12 death ships dock from the black sea. I also want to visit the hanging gardens of Babylon.

>  Go to when Antarctica was just beginning to get covered in ice, build some underground cities and travel to the far future where the last humans exist.  Ferry them all back to Antarctica to exist in secret underground cities.  Visit on occasion. 

Basically make a civilization that fuels the "hollow Earth" rumors.

>  Can I just stay here? Sounds like a pretty sweet deal even without the time travel. Plus, I'll get to be around the people in modern day that I love.

>  I would go back in time and make driving age lower and make more cars more affordable

>  I would go and fix all my dumb past mistakes that made me a fatass

>  Can I time-travel with someone? In that case I would take my mom to the LiveAid Queen's concert. I don't know, but every time I think about timetravel i remember that, it is my mom's impossible dream, to see Queen in a live concert. I can't think about going to any other place.

>  I want to do a series of bracketing hops to figure out when Mt Mazama went off, and set GoPros to catch it from several angles. A mountain of about 3700 meters height turned into one 2486 meters high, that hosts a caldera lake nearly 600 meters deep.

>  Don’t, just settle in and watch Netflix

>  I'd go to the 1500s. I'd fit in better there.

>  I'm gonna find out Jack the Ripper's identity.

>  I'd probably shadow Christos, Hitler and JFK just to see how many other time travelers show up to change history.

>  Can I change an event or it would happen anyway? First, I'd probably save a friend of mine from an accident.

If I can't change anything, I'd probably spend more time with her, say a real goodbye maybe, record her voice. 

And then I'd see how Etrurians used to live.

>  Ah! I would have the Japanese translation, so I would head to Tokyo, in 1928, Dec 10th. I cannot imagine a more greater honor than both speaking to Hirohito, and also to prevent The Japanese part of WWII.   
Next would be New York,  Sunday afternoon, November 28, 1909.

>  Just ate a fire ass corndog. Going back to ancient Greece and giving them the gift of corndogs, to become cornholios, god of delicacies

>  I would go back to any arguments I had and whisper into my past-self’s ear everything I thought of saying after the argument.

>  Become a member of Daft Punk

>  I set a sexy course for the sexiest year, ungh...

>  Buy all the comics in the past but before that earn some money then buy the comics to sell them here in the present time using Wikipedia to search for those comics.
Edit: I just realized there's a matter replicator so i can use that to make the comics or get coins in it to buy the comics.

>  Go to the future, look at their Battle Droids, go back, use matter replicator to build a Billionnof the fuckers and make me the Emperor of all Humankind

>  Oahu around 1950 before it got over fished.

>  Since money is now no object at all, I'd become a time thief collecting lost historical relics that were never recovered by my own time and keep them in a huge, heavily secure vault in the middle of nowhere in a time when no one would be able to find it, let alone get inside. I'd also chronicle as many lost civilizations (I have a hunch that there are quite a few buried under the dirt across the world) as I could, and keep an entire library of volume after volume of my journals containing this information in that same vault.

>  Go visit Nikola Tesla and see his inventions and stuff first hand.

>  Killing Hitler

>  into the future !! that'd be so awesome !! ***i want to know what else is out there...***

>  1932 5th inning Game 3 World Series at Wrigley Field, Babe Ruth comes to bat and either points to centerfield and homers or doesn’t point to centerfield (and homers). I want to put it to rest an see with my own eyes just what he did. It’s a huge point of contention and I want the answer. 

May 19, 1962 Madison Square Garden, Marilyn Monroe sings happy birthday Mr President to John F Kennedy in one of the most sensual performances I’ve ever seen. 

April 30, 1789, Federal Hall, New York. George Washington is inaugurated as the first President of the United States of America. I want to know what he looked and sounded like. (New York was the Capital of the country at that time). 

Aug 2, 1776 Pennsylvania Hall, the Declaration of Independence is signed by many great men. I want to be there to witness it. 

Feb 25, 1964 Miami Beach FL, Cassius Clay fought Sonny Liston for the Heavyweight Championship. I want to see the fight live.

>  Go back to when bitcoin FIRST came out, buy $500 worth, go forward to when it was highest, sell it, rinse and repeat. Then I go to when computers were young and drop off a laptop at Steve wozniaks place. Have fun Steve!

>  I'd like to go to Puerto Rico in the 12th century and see what Borinquen was like before the Spaniards came and destroyed evidence of their culture.

>  Bathroom. If there’s a bathroom in something as technologically advanced as a time machine, there’s probably one of those nice bathtubs with the jets in there too.

>  Go back to world war two, find out where Hitler is, Then assasinate him. I would get the kill credit, Hitler wouldnt have had suicide penalty. I see this as an absolute win

>  If it's part of the scenario, wouldn't you go forward In time, as far forward as you can without being in danger and then acquire an up to date version of Wikipedia?

This helps you out because present problems could have been fixed and new methods of things we do already will have been made.

Start out with the ultimate encyclopaedia, not a poser one

>  I visit Hitler with modern day Wikipedia info about ww2, kick him in the balls,  come back to modern time and see what’s changed

>  I would go to the past, kill past me, and start a paradox loop.

>  I would go back to Friday and fix the relationship I fucked up

>  I would go back in time to all the greatest events that took place and just observe them. I wouldnt do anything to affect the current event, just watch and obtain the answers and ill keep them with me for eternity. So that I can rest easy knowing all the unknown events that took place in history. But what events? Roswell UFC crash, JFK assassination, 911 beginning and end (like who did it and organized it) Amelia Earhart disappearance.

>  the dawn of time just to set the story straight

>  Since 1$ was worth more a long time ago I’d take my money and buy a in demand antique car and hide it somewhere

>  First I go to the bank in 1857 and rob it, then I go to the bookstore and the grocery store and never come back out of my time machine because I'll never need anything else

>  I wouldn’t time travel bc time traveling is dangerous

>  ok, yes. i think about this all the time. i have no idea where i would go first though. i’m pretty fascinated by the first humans/early humans and how they adapted to their environment to survive. so maybe one of the first civilizations in all of the world. the 1500s would also be cool though. mostly to see if all the kings and queens look anything like their paintings tbh.

>  I'd be going to an insane amount of past Grateful Dead/Phish concerts.

>  Definitely 10 years into the future to see where I end up. Adulting seems scary and I wanna make sure I’m not a loser

>  I'd bring a scientist, historian and a trained bodyguard that knows how to blend in with each time and study the logic of time travel, then when we fully understand time travel, i'd meet einstein, epstein, JFK and talk to them and go back to the present and show my findings on how the fuck i did time travel and learnt all the dumb nerd shit of what to do and what not to do so as to not fuck around with the time line

>  As boring as this may kinda be (compared to say going back to see the pyramids be made or something like that) I’d go back to the 60s or 70s to see a bunch of concerts of artists and bands I love. I’d also go shopping.

>  A time period of my old friends. I miss them.

>  I'll go far into the future find the cloning era then clone me. Now I can have multiple versions of me that I will transfer my consciousness to so that I can carry out the final solution. The final solution is to find the multiverse travel era then find all the genius versions of me so that we can then map out every pivotal moment in history so that we can affect those moments then map out the outcomes. We will then watch the outcomes and see if we need to go back and change the event that caused this to occur. We will slowly fix the timeline making the best possible world we can for everybody. And we'd use it to bang hot chicks or dudes cause you cant think straight when your horny.

>  I reckon 1800 would be sufficient. Not too dangerous but you have plenty of time to set up income generators.

>  Is it also a teleporter? If so I would go to the beginning of the universe and fast forward time to watch it be played out.

>  Feb 8th, 2011. The night before my mom died. The day it happened, I was in my mid 20s and too scared to go in, felt like a little child. The only thing I've done that I'll never forgive myself for.

I'd just want to be there to say the goodbye I couldn't then.

>  Well first of all, I'm gonna need a space suit, since I'm not sure how this time machine works.. 

[Exurb1a has an awesome video about it](https://youtu.be/wPODghAr3Vc)

>  I'm going to go to modern day London and/or Cardiff and hang around far more than you'd expect from somebody with a time machine.

>  First place I would go is the bathroom.. so I could think better

>  I go forward a few dozen years and see if Half Life 3 is out, if not then i go and play Half Life Alyx in 2020. Then i will do the same thing fir new Saints row.Basically i will just jump around in years and see if my favourite games got themselves a sequel.

>  To the future in 5 year, then 10 year, increasing increments, and consuming the latest and greatest hentai as it comes out. also games and stuff i guess. i think things are going to be more difficult after about 40 years because being from the past it will be harder to assimilate even temporarily, whereas in the other direction you have the time advantage and nothing you have no experience with is gonna surprise you.

>  Future to get updated copy of Wikipedia and replicate whatever medical device or drugs used to live forever. Then I go check out Jesus to make sure he's legit. Then I go to the past after the recovery of the most recent mass extinction event and live in a castle in the mountains. I preach about the importance of preserving the environment and only teach the people about sustainable things.

>  I'd bring a list of all myths and legends, (nessie, mothman, etc.) from around the world and travel to their original place of creation to see if there's anything to any of them.

>  Guys. What if the person who posted this actually has all the equipment. And he’s going to give it to the person who has the best idea to save humanity

>  I'd probably just go to the future and play video games that aren't out but will come out. Like I want to play the witcher 5 or danganronpa 52 or something like that. I can even look at wikipedia and see the aggregate reviews of a bunch of games and find games that are so good that I can't miss. The same thing also applies to music.

>  June 7th 1984 to see the original release of Ghostbusters. I'll decide where to go next after that.

>  I guess I'd just travel backwards in time in steps and see what my town looked like in the past centuries. Maybe chill around Nottingham and find out how much of robin hood was real.

>  Grand Canyon. If I travel too far in time, I'll die from the different viruses and stuff.

>  Take my savings, go back to when I was 18, invest it,come back to now.

>  Home. My wife’s grandmother died when my wife was 1, and by all accounts she was a wonderful woman. I think my wife deserves to at least get to meet her.

>  Nowhere. I use the matter replicator to amass a fortune in platinum, then I sell the platinum, go to culinary school, open my own old fashioned malt shoppe with a video game theme and live the rest of my days out in what I assume would be happiness.

>  To your house to see what kinda drugs you're on, because I'm the guy that birthed you. It was my ONLY job to make sure you didn't make it to an age where you became aware of who you are. I failed... and now I'm knocking on your door... (Someone hire me)

>  go to the future see some events and products. take a really practical ptoduct then come back claim im from the future predict events for money and sell the product

>   I'd really like to trace back my ancestors lineages. I'd start with my mom's family and then I'd go with my dad's. I'd like to see where did our ancestors come from and what where they like irl. 

Id also like to see if any of them had important jobs or positions. I've always been very curious about it.

I wish I could do it...

>  I'm about to become the dollar store version of The Doctor

>  Go into the future lets say 2050 by a sports book of ever sports game since 2000... And maybe take a sneak peak at the memes

>  I'd go straight to Rome, 86 CE, Trajan has just became emporer and the Roman Empire is at its high point, little bit of a boost and we'll be in starships by 1500

>  If I could figure it out, I'd go to the day of my funeral (because I'd make sure the body was never found) so I can run in and yell "Sorry, I'm late!" And jump into the casket, then go back to present day.

>  Go to the future and check how the world looks after every 50- 100 years. get myself a new body if that becomes a thing, and hopefully life for ever traveling through time.

obviously got to the poast at some point and become crazy rich so i can afford all that, if it's possible and we do not fuck up.

&#x200B;

If we fuck up in the next foreseeable future i would make a youtube channel predicting everything and post memes a week before they exist.

>  I wonder if there was a list of all the individuals who committed suicide. Since I've essentially got infinite time, I would leave a flower in every one of the individual's rooms with a positive note in their respective language. Then I would then chose to do whatever I want to ensure that I get the Time machine. If I have more time then I would slowly trickle info from the future to the past in a manner that doesn't destroy the world.

>  I'd murder the entire team that created the time machine, their families, their pets, neighbors.  Everyone.  Then I'd destroy the time machine with myself in it.  

Nobody, absolutely nobody should possess this power.

>  I go back to a few years ago when Warren Buffet offered a billion dollars to whoever got the March Madness bracket completely right and get my money!

>  • Shop in an 80’s mall. Just because. 
• See Space Shuttle launches. The first and last, Challenger too. I might as well just see them all. I can’t imagine it would get old. 
• Invest in something, make conditions and set it aside till I’m of age so I won’t need to make my life a living hell and waste a good decade. 
• Leave myself notes to help me not be an idiot, make life easier for myself and my mom.  Just small course corrections.

>  I would go back in time in relatively small increments so that I could gradually learn the changes in societal values, attitudes, and sensibilities. I think if I tried to jump back hundreds of years all at once, then I would seem obviously out of place and draw too much attention.

>  The day before the stock market crashed in 2007 with the biggest, fattest loan I can get from the bank.

>  I’d probably go to every embarrassment moment of my life and fix it.Because I do some dumb shiet in my childhood

>  To my room in the next 5 minutes

>  i would see how my cat lived before i got her, which was when she was 3 years old. what if she was like snoop dogs cat, or homeless. i really want to know. i would also duplicate steve jobs before he died so apple wouldn’t turn to shit.

>  January 1, 0001

>  I got back to late autumn of 2001 and pick up 9 year old me. We ride back to the last day my mom met up with my bio dad. I have her ask him for a dollar without mentioning who she is. That way, when other kids talked about their dads, she wouldn't have to say she never met him. Younger me might not have alot to say about him, but it'll be better than nothing.

>  I would try to give technology to ancient peoples before realizing I don’t know how any of that shit actually works

>  I'd go back to the beginning of the industrial revolution and drop off a bunch of modern mechanical/electrical engineering books and watch the world grow

>  ...and Wikipedia?

I can’t take the Encyclopedia Britannica or a special edition of Wikipedia that’s been cleansed of inaccurate facts, spam, and trolling so that I don’t get myself into further trouble?

Does this cloaking device work on me or the ship? I’m Black; I can’t be visiting much of the past willy-Billy without literal cover.

>  Bruh.. This is a bit contrived, but i'd go back in time, try to alter the pass to where i'm born a women, thus creating an alternate timeline, then pick her up when she's an adult so we could travel through time together as fuck buddies. Sounds stupid, but no one knows or loves you better than you and the only thing this room doesn't provide is good company and sex...

>  To ancient Egypt when "the gods" came to earth. Gotta see if ancient aliens is on to something lol

>  Just copyright a lot of things so when big companies want to use their name they would need to pay me

>  I would go back in time and buy a brand new 4 1/2 liter Bentley from W.O. Bentley and have it fitted with the Blower so I could have an original Bentley

>  Find the time when humans achieve immortality. 
Bring technically specific documents on cybernetics, AI and quantum mechanics to current time.
Use the AI and cybernetics to augment myself to attain singularity.
Advance the pace to humans being an interstellar civilization/organism and find the meaning of life 😋

And repeat to exponentially decrease the time taken to achieve this by going back to the past every now and then.

>  Stay in the time machine, occasionally fuck around with it, maybe improve it so it's more liveable. Invite my friends and family and fuck with history, then go back to our own timeline, then repeat.

>  To the Old West! There's no other answer.

>  With the matter replicator I replicate a bunch of gold bars and sell them

>  My answer:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPODghAr3Vc

Other options: 

Really experiencing the 60s, 70s, 80s and 90s. Like go to the hottest places experiencing the cultural things of each decade all that stuff.

Going back and seeing dinosaurs in real life.

Maybe convincing Hitler to practice his art and continue his work as an artist.

Doing the first thing but during the Stone Age.

>  Go back to 1998 and buy puts on really stupid dot com companies. Cash out 2 years later. Go to 2007 and buy everything.

>  Do I get to bring my fiancé?

>  Stone age. I will turn the stone age into modern day and see what hell I return to.

>  Matter replicator? Time to replicate some tech and sell it online!

>  Go to the future buy all new inventions from the future  come back and start selling them.

>  I'm going back to 1952 to inform the king of the eminent military coup orchestrated by the "Free Officers" so he can have them hanged for high treason. 

Some context: in our timeline, this coup was a success and the king was, along with his family, forced into exile. This laid the foundation for the military aristocracy that rules Egypt today. One "president" rules until he dies then another dictator just takes his place. It's an endless loop that has made a once prosperous country, a 3rd world shithole that everyone is constantly trying to escape.

>  Use it on weekends to go to the next weekend, so I only live on weekends. And also when I want to retry something

>  time is a construct used to help the human mind to understand the order of events. time doesn't exist. because time doesn't exist, traveling in time is as absurd as traveling in numbers.

if i could redo any event in history with a matter replicator and a wikipedia article i would visit europe before black death with penicillin and an article about immunizations. that knowledge would have saved 200 million lives in eurasia and millions of native american people after the first explorers reached the americas.

during that era, i would also introduce electricity, electrical motors, radio communications, transistors, a base 16 numbering system, and copies of *mises: human action* to every ruler in europe, middle east, asia and north africa.

>  Whenever the time machine came from. Maybe later so I can get the best possible version of that time machine.

>  Make 60 second rice, go to the future in a minute so it's instant rice

>  I would go to mars right at the time when earth dies

>  Since nobody else said it ...Kill Hitler *before* 1945.

>  First stop? Go to the German government and convince them not to kick out Frederick Trump in February 1905. Maybe shoot Hitler from out the window on the way.

>  Mars, until the Humans arrive.  Then off to Proxima.

>  June 1997, my bedroom. That's the day my parents told me my mom had breast cancer. They only took her left breast because it had the tumor and my parents couldn't afford the surgery for the other side. I would tell them to take both. She developed a tumor in her right breast 8 years later that took her life.

>  Somewhere on either coast of the US during the 80s. I'd try to get involved with Marvel or DC while at the same time spreading rumors about a Marvel Cinematic Universe. Back then such an idea was unheard of; especially since Marvel had sold off it's most popular properties to studios like Fox, Sony, and Universal by that time.

Out of curiosity, what sort of funding do I get? Or can the matter replicator make money?

>  I’d go back and to try and figure out what happened to the Roanoke Colony, what happened to Jimmy Hoffa and to see if Lee Harvey Oswald was truly a lone gunman.

>  I’m going to 200,000 years ago to start the human race.

>  I would go to 1930s.. Change the course of action, reorganise in all manners 2nd Polish Republic into an Empire with actual constitutional Emperor and will raid germany in 1937.. War over in a week.. With superior tech I am going to bestown upon my subjects..  


FOR THE EMPIRE\~! LONG LIVE THE MECHS..

>  Hmmm, I would go and travel to biblical lands, with a camera and bible in hand to disprove all the BS made up by the church.

Or I could dress up as an angel and pay to you know who, I could light a buch on fire and put a speaker next to it, I cpuld trick an old dude into almost killing his son. Hmmmm

>  Matter replicator? I'd go just far enough into the future to where the wealthy have such good health care that they are effectively immortal. Use the resources form the replicator to become wealthy, good to go.

>  My ass

>  Guess it’s time to travel to the origins of cuisine and the beginnings of the dishes we love today. Tasting the first butter chicken, the first taco, the first ice cream, the first burger, the first milkshake, the first egg cream, but most of all, I want the first corn dog and deep fried oreo......

>  I tend to think of this as a time passer but, I would go to roughly 995 CE in pre-Columbian north america.


I've got a large sketchbook filled with plenty of useful information ranging from metallurgy, chemistry, engineering, math and even a bit of languages. Everything from native mineral deposits and agricultural practices to early steam machines and electricity.


It would give me roughly 5 years to travel, trade, and establish myself amongst the first Nations and prepare a good stockpile for trade when the Vikings visit l'anse aux meadows in 1000 CE , afterwords I would form a community of both first Nations and Norse and slowly build up my empire over the years, establishing trade with Europe for things like rare metals and spices.

No plan to become a god or rule the world, just be the first to lay the bricks in a new civilization. And see how much I can create with the little materials I have.

Most of the knowledge in the book is from experience, as I try to practice alot of historical methods, albeit a
on a much smaller scale.


Tl;dr when the Vikings visited Canada

>  I probably would go from 2007-present.. Why? I want to see my childhood from the start but the only question I have is „Will the people see me?, If yes that it's going to be kind of a problem,

>  The beginning of civilization, Mesopotamians etc and become a god with all the technology available in the time machine

>  I would go back in time to when I was a kid and maybe call the authorities on my father and then hopefully get adopted by a loving family and then experience a normal life and normal childhood maybe.

>  Monday November 23, 1998. Te day before my mother's accident and try to keep it from happening.

>  Early 90s to play with my childhood dog again. Call a bomb scare into Logan Intl early on a certain Tuesday morning. Hang around Philly on July 2nd 1776. Check out the battle of Waterloo. Play pranks with my cloaking device on praetorian guards in Rome and later some janissaries in Istanbul. Maybe take a gander at the grassy knoll. Watch the Gettysburg address. Oh and I’d definitely help doc with the tree branch so he can get Marty back to 1985.

>  Well first I would use rhe matter re po replicator to expand the time machine then go to the future and get extremely compressed data storage and download the entire internet as well as the medical technology... I would then proceed to the dawn of humanity and become either a god or a demon!

>  I would go in the future version of any game shop, and steal some unreleased games to sell them in the present.

>  I'd go to the future, acquire a device that makes me morph my physique and facial appearance. Then I would go back in time and commit a series of murders under different aliases. Maybe even hijack a plane or something then jump out and disappear... or something else.

>  First up, I'm stocking up on survival gear and weapons, with the intent of sneaky boi in mind. Travel to the future, steal whatever I can, and jump further in time, rinse and repeat until I get either an apocalyptic event or some stupidly overpowered omnitool, or become some sort of infinitely superior being looking for superintelligence.

Location: random, but on solid ground away from (or above) structures.

Time jump: between 50 and 100 years.

Random time and random location means either all of earth prepares for my arrival, or they go on a mad goose chase.

Having the reputation of being the time thief is gonna royally be a pain, but give me enough power and I could make time travel my bitch.

>  First?

First I start experimenting, with short hops in time.  Find out through small and safe experimentation the answer to various questions:

* is it possible to coexist in time

* is it possible to change the past

* is it possible to change the past in a paradoxical way

* if I have sex with my past self, is it gay or just very advanced masturbation

* is it possible to create information ex nihilo (bootstrap paradox)

Only when I have that information do I plan my travel, so I can know how careful I need to be.

>  August 4th, 1914:

The Social Democratic Party of Germany votes to allow the War Bonds for the first world war. It began the shism between the labour movement.

I would show them the Wikipedia page of Rosa Luxemburg: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosa_Luxemburg?wprov=sfla1

And of course the pages on world war 1, world war 2 and the Holocaust.

>  I would go to my grandmother's home when she was a kid and ask about her family. I'd go as far back as I had to to really figure out my heritage. Its literally the only mystery to me that matters.

>  June 1914. To stop the assassination of Arch Duke Franz Ferdinand. The fallout was millions dead in Europe and Russia and the base and stage was set for Hitler to kick of WWII, and eventually the creation of Israel and the ensuing conflict between Israel and the  Middle East Islamic countries. It might even have had an impact on 9/11.

>  I would routinely travel into the future to download more databases to make my collection complete, and then go check out a bunch of stuff as long as I won't end up altering any events.

>  Wembley Stadium, Saturday 12 July 1986. I’m going to see Queen. Then I’m making a tour throughout history seeing all the artists, creatives etc that I like.

I’ll pick up a copy of Action Comics no. 1 and put it in storage for myself to pick up in the present too.

That sort of thing.

>   15 seconds in the past so i can fucking murder myself and finally learn what its like to be a murderer and then kill the entire neighborhood

>  So you say I have TARDIS? Cool. Future, here I come

>  Going back to 2006 and buying as many default swaps as I can

>  I'd go back before America was discovered, and industrialize the Natives, those Europeans won't know what hit em.

>  Go to the caves where early man lived, then write stuff that’s vague enough not to confuse the people but would be enough for people thousands of years in the future to say “they predicted the future!” and then move on with their lives.

>  I actually dream about this this every day for some reason. I'd go back to year 0 (just to keep the forked timeline simple to track). I'd be technojesus going around helping maximize altruistic utility of civilizations around the world, picking and choosing which ones I want to succeed based on how ethical they are. And in case I can't figure out how to achieve immortality, I'd just skip ahead every 20 years to see how well my choices have developed since until I get back to the present. 

Mostly I'd like to use pre-globalized isolated civilizations as sociological microcosms to study. Definitely some [Gilligan's island experiments](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/e31v9o/what_scientific_experiment_would_you_run_if_money/f90c8g5/)

>  I go back to my great grandfathers ranch so I could meet him, and then to my other ancestors.

>  I'm going to make changes that if said out loud, would spark anger in 99% of the population. It would stop me from being born and end my existence. But at least I will save my family.

>  I dont care about world wide stuff, i justo go resolve issues i had with my dead lover.

>  Forward to the point where we figure out immortality. Get that shit squared away, then it's off to the beginning of human ancestry to see what history and science has gotten wrong.

Since it has a matter replicator, I'm going to need a universal translator. I'll also need a disguise.

>  Go back in time and buy multiple 60’s fenders and come back and have people question how I got them

>  Is it against the rules to interact with people as a time traveler? The very first thing I would do is go back to 6 or so years ago. Before my dad got cancer. I guess just to spend more time with him. 

There are so many other more conventional historical things I would want to see, but I still think about seeing him again almost every day. Everything else would wait :)

>  Home to make a sandwich before I start my adventure

>  A few days ago to make a small change. Carving a sign on my fence or some such. 

Just to check if we are dealing with a single alterable time line here or multiple dimensions.

>  So basically this is all contingent on what kind of physics exists for time travel.

**Is it John Titor Time Travel?** In this version, the further you travel back/forward in time takes you further away from your actual timeline. So say you want to go back/forward 1 year, you end up in a timeline more similar to your actual timeline than if you were to go back/forward 25 years. You might try to go back in time to kill hitler, but instead of shooting himself in a bunker, maybe he was assassinated in a completely different place instead.

**Splinter Timeline?** This is closer to a “linear” timeline, except that when you go back and time and change something, you just end up creating a completely new splinter timeline, and you eaither cant get back to your own timeline, or you go back to your timeline and it’s completely unaffected by your change.

**Linear Timeline** This assumes time flows in a straight line, and if this were the case I feel like the possibility of multiverses is impossible, because the future would be completely affected by whatever changes you make in the past.

**4th Dimensional Time** This is when time is considered the fourth dimension, and all times are running concurrently. Like, every point in time actually exists at the same time. Like right now you’re sitting here reading this thread on reddit, and Christ is being crucified, and man is landing on the moon, and the first major City on Jupiter just celebrated its bicentennial, and the Big Bang just happened, and the heat death of the universe just happened. 

Personally, the 4th Dimension Physics model of time is the one I personally prescribe to, and I feel like in that one, no matter what you do while traveling through time, it has no affect on any point in time, because it’s all happening at once. 

*That being said*, what I would do is:
1. Go to the year 3000, and see if Earth is still around, and see if there is some type of Wikipedia, or Supercomputer type device that can teach me anything I need to know.
2. Travel back to when Pangea was still around, and check out what Earth looked like back in its infancy.
3. Check out some motherfucking dinosaurs.
3. Check out the interaction between early Homo Sapiens and Neanderthals. Explore their cultures.
4. Go through the various Empires and see how they actually worked, the Mayans, Aztecs, Egyptians, Plains Indians, see if Atlantis existed, the Greeks, Romans, Trojans
5. Check out the Punic Wars and see Hannibal at his greatest, the same with Alexander the Great, and many other classical Generals and the wars they fought.
6. Experience the Historical Jesus, even if it’s just to see His Face and hear His Voice. 
7. Experience some of the Great Wars, the American Revolutionary War, the Civil War, WW1&2, etc.
8. Check out the Moon Landing, and go to the future and check out the first Mars Landing, and other future space flight things.

Dude I could seriously go on forever. I honestly feel like the past would be interesting mostly because we already know a lot of what has happened, the real adventure would be in going to the future to find out what *will* happen.

>  I would record historical events and upload them to YouTube. Stuff like the pyramids and stone henge being built. People would go nuts trying to work out how the CGI was so good.

>  Honestly? I'd just go back in time to a week or two before my buddy Brian passed away. I've wondered how he'd feel about how much I've changed, and he was very open minded towards the end. It'd be great to have some closure on that, though I know I never really will.

>  To some time ago between death of dinosaurs and rise of mammals. Also I would kindly ask for torrent access.

>  I would go back in time to ask reddit where/when would they go first.

>  Welcome to the world of tomorrow! Year 3000 for me.

>  Eh, I'd probably go visit my grandmother and talk to her before she died and murder my (now dead) grandfather (my grandfather abused my grandmother, raped his stepdaughters, and beat his kids- fucker deserved to live a short life rather than live until the ripe age of 90 like he did).  Probably not in that order, if I take out my grandfather around 1980 there's a fairly good chance my grandmother would still be alive today as she primarily died because he wouldn't let her manage her diabetes.  So maybe just kill my grandfather and return to the present and take my grandmother out shopping.

>  I'd go back to when the battle of Jhansi 1857. So that such a brave freedom fighter doesn't have to face betrayal from her own people and her heir doesn't have to grow up dirt poor because his rightful money was stolen by the East India Company.

>  ancient Greece or something and show off my cloaking device and matter replicator and be hailed as a god for all eternity

>  Honestly id go the Dan Carlin route on this one and watch some battles like the spartans defending the hot gates or see how the mongols won their battles. Sure id end up mentally scarred for life but still. I want to know.

>  Nowhere. I fabricate money, food, a house, a car, and a whole bunch of other stuff like I'm in Minecraft Creative mode and set myself up for the rest of my life. I then turn the time machine into a shed; completely wasting the exploration potential.

>  Watch the Big Bang!

I want  to see how the universe was formed!

And earlier to see if anything was there before it.

>  Chernobyl to stop the accident from happeing and saving lives of thoudands

>  Back to before my dad completely worn out his back through work so I could somehow stop him from doing it.

>  I go back to medieval times and become a god

>  Clone a bunch of old discontinued stuff and make a lot of money

>  I'd jump back to just before my part of town was established, then jump one year at a time forward and enjoy the real-world timelapse of how this place came to be.

>  Bring acid with me and drop with Dalí

>  Many people would say they will go back to kill Hitler or something I would go back and meet awesome Inventors like Nicola Tesla 
Einstein and more.

>  Go back in time and give my father and mother the love and protection they never got from their families.

>  TARDIS? christ's twins travels to japan...  quetzalcoatl and tetzcatlipoca ...pretty much all of the historical "twin" stories.

>  I am going forward in time, I want to see the singularity event. After that I want to go see how the pyramids where build

>  1. Go back in time to see and meet all the people in my life that I never really got to meet because I was little when they died 2.Go see any historical moment happen 3. Go back to tell myself that cutting is a really bad idea 4. Stop myself from getting into bad relationships 5. Go in the future to see how my life ends out to see if I can improve it (also to see if I get married at all)

>  First I’mma go hang out with my Mum for a long time.  Actually, can we change the present or is it fixed? If I change things I’d tell the hospital to start treating her chest infection two days earlier than they did.  Or fuck it, I’ll go into the future and get the cure for Leukaemia and bring it back.

>  First, go back to that day in 1988 when I applied to college and mark the box for Computer Engineering. Then hire some MIB looking dudes to visit my parents and have them swear a patriotic oath, sign some agreement of silence, and retract their adamant statements that computer engineering is ‘a stupid career idea that has no future’ . 

So basically undo what I regret most not doing... 

And then play the market wisely, cuz we all like some breathing room in our bank account.

>  Go back, oh I dunno, maybe 2000 years ago? The Middle East looks kinda chill

Hey who’s this guy trying to feed all these people?You ain’t got much bread buddy n times look tough I got chu tho..hahaa... also here’s some penicillin and funky contact lenses..

Yoo broooo lets go water skiing hahaaa

Lol you guys are having some boring ass supper.. why ya’ll just drinking water??? let’s get lit af hahaaa 

Bro they got chu hanging on this cross?? I got u fam, use this body double, looks just like you riiigght?? Maybe just hang low for 3 days or so..

>  Show the dark side of some whitewashed leaders throughout history. Then go 10000yrs in the future and see what happens.

>  Go back in time and shoot hitler... just before he shot himself. That way I could get the satisfaction but also not change history too much

>  Learn the true backstory of my parents
My mother was someone i can't talk about 
Taking to my mother its like talking to a slightly 
Nicer version of diavolo.
My dad rarely is home, i don't spend a lot of time with him...

>  Straight to the future. I want to learn what comes next.

>  The first experiment would be to matter replicate a mini time machine, wait a day, then send a mouse back to right after the machine was fabricated. I'd introduce both copies of the mouse to each other and watch what happens, especially at the moment of sending. 

Do you honestly think anyone who's worked on computers would trust a brand new computerized invention with their life without watching it do its thing under close supervision for a while first?

>  First I'd go 1 minute back in time and test out what time travel rules I'm working with.

>  I'm going to the year 2100 just to see what's changed.

>  I would get some guns, Enfield's or something like that, bullet proof armour and a weird helmet to obscure my face. I would then travel to the early 17th Century England and become god.

>  I would go back 300,000 years and teach the first anatomically modern men everything we currently know about agriculture, metallurgy, architecture, biology, chemistry, physics, etc. I would tell them to find a humane way to never exceed a total world population of 2 billion. I would make sure they understand how the greenhouse effect could turn earth into Venus if they aren't careful. I'd relay the importance of not destroying the rainforests and jungles of the world. And I would tell them I came from a future where I was the last human alive because humanity didn't follow the guidelines I laid out for them and in the future I came from the earth is almost as barren a wasteland as Mars.

>  I’d go to London and make a killing out of renting it out to rich Arabs and Russians

>  Is this assuming an accurate wikipedia? Or one with a page on the existence of tree octopi?

>  The middle ages and convince them that i am a god

>  I do everything in my power to prevent the fall of the Sound dynasty. Then I go back to the future and see what timeline I just made. Then I probably just go back again and make sure it falls.

Basically, just keep doing wacky historical experiments. Make the German Empire win WWI, document the resulting timeline, and email it all to the Kaiserreich devs.

>  That time two years ago where I withdrew from my ex significant other instead of opening up to her

>  Venice at the height of the renaissance when all the buildings wet fresh and artists were like battling it out to out do each other with how incredibly realistic and lush their work could be and all the rich people were supporting the arts. When the rich support the arts the world just flourishes. Now all the buildings are ugly.

>  Is it even a question? Jesus, obviously. But then the irony there is that, according to my religious beliefs, God would probably prevent me from time traveling, since belief is supposed to rely on faith and not true knowledge.

>  I would go in the future to see what wille happen next

>  I’d go back to my high school graduation. Just to see everyone again. Young. Happy. Oblivious to what the future would hold.

>  Back 12,000 years to the observe the Later Dryas, as depicted in the oral history known as the book of Revelation... watch the sea level rise 200 feet, take lots of videos, maybe save a lot of people with warnings ahead of time, or at least my good buddy Noah and his kin.

>  I would go to ancient Egypt and just watch. It’s impossible to imagine how many people were living there and their lifestyle. If bounce around through history and just... observe

>  Honestly I'd just go back in time to see if Cleopatra was as hot as she was said to be and maybe try and score with her. That would be a thing to be proud of.

>  Get me a Challenger 1 tank because looks > functionality and go back to the battle of Hastings and change the course of history

>  First I keep incrementally going into the future until I find such a time as cancer is cured and healthcare is free and easily accessible, then I go back to 2011ish and get my dad and bring him to that future

>  1) use modern science to trick people in medival times into thinking im god
2) start new religion saying ill come back
3) come back and rule the world

>  I bring this machine to a tech company and we make more so that people can explore the universe and save the world from pollution with clean easy food

>  Convince Etika that life is worth to live by every human,no matter how bad he or she has been

>  I would go back to my prom and just watch. I remember it so fondly and I wouldn’t want to change anything just try to experience it one more time.

>  Well I'll recruit some scientists to make a top secret DNA altering formula to make me a time lord. Then I simply go to the future when it's done. Use it and have fun traveling through space and time.

>  Do I have to worry about paradoxes, or is it a forking multiverse? If the former, I might not trust myself with it. I don't have enough willpower to not eat an entire box of cookies in a day, would I really have the willpower to not try and screw with the timeline and maybe really mess things up?

>  Go to a point in the future where we've finally figured out how to stop killing the planet, and each other, download that Wikipedia, then go to the past and set humanity on that course early. And routinely go back to the future to make sure I'm not setting humanity up for an early extinction.

>  The matter replicator is a god move, as is time travel. If i hadnt gotten rid of both in a week, everything would lose meaning and value and life would become like a wet sponge

>  I go to the 1940s, then i go back to ancient times to see some of the greatest battles in history, and if im feeling daring, I'll go see jesus die. And maybe come back.

>  15 mins in the past and watch myself be given the time machine to make sure it's not some monkey paw bullshit. 

Then

I'd go back a week, park and cloak so I can catch up on rest for the first time this year. Probably wouldnt leave the time machine.

Maybe park it somwhere with a decent view.

>  Honestly, I wont go to historical events or anything like that. I would first go back like 300 years to see what my family was like back then because i have no idea about it

>  I know I can go any*when*, but can I go any*where*? Like I'm not just stuck in one location on Earth, but I have the ability to set a time and location? Also, am I confined to the bubble of space-time, or can I roam freely without being noticed? 

Assuming that I can go anywhere, and I can free roam in cloak mode, I'd probably travel back in time to observe various pivotal moments in history, like the signing of the declaration of independence, or to witness the big bang. I'd probably travel to the future just to observe where we, as a species, are headed.

>  Go back to talk to lee Harvey Oswald, before he was assassinated, to ask him why he killed JFK. I just think the circumstances of him killing the president, then being killed himself were really sketchy. Then jack ruby, the guy who killed LHO dying in jail... super sketchy. And also just the bullet trajectory that killed JFK. Okay I’m gonna stop now. But yea I’d talk to lee Harvey Oswald and get some answers:

>  I find me the moment I'm about to try weed and give myself some fire shit to get started

>  Can it also have a translator?

>  I'd hang out with my dad. Maybe try to replicate a new heart.

>  January 1804. I would go back and guide Haiti to become the Caribbean Wakanda, or just create an empire, eliminate slavery throughout the Americas and advance race relation by hundreds of years.


Or go back even further to Africa this time, create a roman like empire, and rule most of sub saharan Africa. Even out the global playing field, see what unique tech, and ideas develop there.

>  To the construction site of a bank to watch my great great great grandfather tell the foreman how to do his job. Thus causing the foreman to place my ggg grandfather's face on the bank and later put on a coin. Then off to the family homestead to track down the Indian woman who one of my ggg relatives married. My family lost contact on that side of our ancestry, other than it being listed as he married a Indian woman. Then probably go watch some old school history like Chariot races and Lion fighting. Then bring it back and track all the stuff Hitler stole and hid. I for sure would want to check out the old myan Temples while they were still full of life. The ching dynasty warriors would be cool to check out too. Basically Bill and Ted traveling. With a sprinkle of personal stuff.

>  Decide on a time and place to be 50 or so years in the future, travel there and have a future version of myself tell me all the things I should and not be doing with a time machine. Assuming I'm not dead at least.

>  Can we go forward in time? If so I'm definitely going forward 1000 years to see what our civilization has become.

>  Chicago's World's Columbian Exposition, 1893. Watch astounded people enjoy the world's first movie theatre, first ferris wheel, first moving walkway. See Tesla demonstrating his many inventions, or watch Houdini escape in a trick. 46 countries had pavilions, for example Norway sailed a viking ship over for theirs. Listen to Scott Joplin play piano whilst eating a brownie, which was invented for this event. If you get bored with all that, the buffalo bill wild west show is set up outside

>  i will go with every genius to give them the ideas they will be known for

>  Japan, 2011

>  Since I basically became a god and can alter time and replicate whole universe and Ultimately have infinite amount of time, I would experience every life possible.

>  I’d go back to my childhood and re-do everything, resulting in my life not being the hell it is today😻

>  Pre colonial Philippines. They now have a new god that they can see and worship and fear. I can now guarantee victory against everyone with modern weaponry, the Philippines become a global power, and I can convince them to not make such complicated books so I don’t fail my upcoming exams

>  Jump start human evolution, give rise to the Nephalim, unite humanity under one code and lexicon, avoid natural disasters, promote literacy, keep biodiversity, impose strict population controls and quarantines, create art and religion to achieve my own ends, with the end result being seed ships and colonization into the far reaches of the universe.

>  Find out who committed the Lizzie Borden murders

>  I’d go to right before cheese was created and take all the credit and then come back king of cheese I’d be unstoppable, the universe in my hand I’d be seen as a god among men, large powerful companies such as Kraft and who ever makes cheez-its would bow down before me as they couldn’t profit without my consent and I’d charge insane prices for it hopefully creating an underground cheese selling ring that made people think they would be getting better prices than mine, little do they know I’m running the underground cheese ring and I still hold power over everything and everyone.

>  Look at the big bang and go to the paleolithic make some french fries and teach the humans there how to make them, all so people think they were invented by them.

>  Go back to turn of the century in Whitechapel, London. Catch Jack the Ripper.

>  Southern most point of land on Australia 75K years ago. And stay there.

>  Try to prevent the Spanish from eradicating south America culture and history. Aswell try to prevent the dark ages in Europe.

>  To the replicator and replicate my favourite McDonald's szechuan sauce... And then find Jack the ripper

>  I would turn on cloaking, and visit people I don't like at the worst possible time for them. Then I would use the bathroom, and empty the sewage system. The cloaking system is still on, so they just see my poop appear. This might sound easier said than done, and truthfully it might not even work, depending on the size of the time machine, and what kind of toilet waste removal system is actually on it. So another option would be to save poops, then open the door and throw the poops. This way you could be in and out in seconds, and be back to watching the livestream by the time Kanye steps in it.

>  15 miles from Vesuvius when it buried pompei

>  The Beatles rooftop concert, liveaid, premiere screening of star wars, coronation of Elizabeth 1 & 2 and Victoria 1, voyage of the Titanic, 1500s Venice, Milan and Florence, Roman Rome, and great pyramid building Egypt. Birth and death of most major religious figures, because I like history and theology and mythology. Construction of stone henge and the great city of Ur. Learn the languages of the first farmers. 1991 to meet my mother. Up and down history, in and out of moments, all until I got bored of it all, and began to point my time and space machine at the future, or the best bet for another livable world.

>  After checking the future for possible side effects of time travel and gathering information of what was to come, then I’d go back (if safe) and invest in Apple, Google, etc under my fathers name and in a secret account. Then forward to a point when my family’s life was well established as I know it now and leave an anonymous information packet for him to find. Once my financial security was locked in, I’d travel to all points of my best sexual experiences to refresh the memory and maybe sneak a good video for personal use. Just for fun, I’d go back and make sure I was photographed in prominent events of history, enough so that speculation arose of an immortal out there somewhere by the time I returned to my own time. Finally (and probably firstly tbh) I’d check up on my daughter’s futures. Make sure they live happy lives and if they weren’t, tack down what/when something needed changing and get it done!

>  I would firstly travel back to when reddit was made and then make every group then i would live in the time machine for how long it survives

>  Go back to Japan and tell them to maybe not bomb Pearl Harbour, and tell them of the consequences. Maybe while I’m at it try and end the war

>  Go to the time Wikipedia was made so I can tell the creator that anyone can change it so he can stop it

>  Am I the only one that thinks every post with "you get wikipedia" is pretty useless unless you also have internet to check the sources?

>  50 years into the future, 100 years into the future, 200 years into the future, 400 years into the future, until I reach earth's extinction, then come back and explore the past.

>  I would construct the most badass structure of all time around this time machine before doing anything. Like if I can just replicate any sort of matter I want and however much I want, I can basically just make my time machine into a death star. Not to mention I can then start manufacturing those Samsung automated sentry turrets ,now on wheels for convivence, for protection if I ever wanted to leave.

>  Most likely outer space- unless this time machine is also a spaceship, then if I go back in time 200 years then the earth will be 200 years worth of thousand miles a second behind you- ain’t going to work, chief.

>  [Go on a mission to prevent Woodrow Wilson from becoming president of the United States.](https://youtu.be/hLiI6kXZkZI) This man made the world worse in every way you could possibly imagine, especially since his legacy of keeping the US out of WW1 just stretches on and on. Oh, and he also revived the KKK.

I'd love to introduce penecillin to humanity hundreds of years earlier, but I don't know how to go about explaining germ theory without getting lynched.

>  Google should come up with searches like "things to do in 1400"

>  Go and see the dinosaurs and work my way forwards from there!

>  I'm fuckin going to sleep before the CIA/FBI breaks in my house and tears up my shit trying to find out why there was time machine signals or some shit.

>  Stay here and use the matter replicator to make a fortune with precious metals and rare earth minerals. Use the money to start a non profit to give medicine to everyone who needs it. Create virtually unlimited wealth and spend my time making the world a better place.

>  Roswell.... but have something go wrong and  crash..

>  I'd probably go to the stone age so I could see what the earth was like before humans changed it. I think that would be pretty cool to see.

>  I would honestly just use it to go on magnificent holidays (even if doesn't move), then come back and go to work like nothing happened

>  The day before i speak to my crush about my feelings.

>  I'd go 50 years in the future, maybe ASOIF will be completed by then?

>  I think I would just live in there. Sounds better than my house tbh

>  I wouldn't want to go anywhere, I'd be too afraid of changing things and not ending up where I am today, which I don't want to change.

>  Go to the moment my brother died. Save his life and take him on the adventures with me as to not fuck up my time line.

>  I did that, and traveled back to the 1880's, and with the help of Sherlock Holmes revealed the true identity of Jack The Ripper, turns out it was some random polish barber.

>  Is Wikipedia from the future or present? Asking for a friend.

>  I would figure out everything about the pyramids throughout the world.

>  Grab my best friend and go to the end of time to shoot the shit while the best deep dish pizza is baking in the replicator.

>  Five-ten years into the future. I'd replicate some then-ubiquitous piece of technology, and bring it back with me. Then I'd sell the technology needed to make it.

Alternatively, I'd travel back to the early 2010s, when I was still at university, and buy 100,000 bitcoin. Then I'd travel to the present and "rediscover" my old hard drive with the keys, and sell them all. I'd be taxed out the eyeballs and I'd lose money due to not selling them earlier, but I'd avoid the tax issues associated with not declaring assets if I sold them at their peak - mustn't do anything that can mess up my present situation. Then, I'd live the life of the idle rich. Same investment plan as if I had a lottery win.

>  Couldn't you just go back in time repeatedly for something like sleep so you don't lose out on any time by using an entire day?

>  So I would go to the first space launch for sure.

>  I'd go into the future and arrive at special moments in my life to see what my life is like and learn as much as possible about my future. Then I'd intervene with my future self's life. So times when future me is shy, me in a disguise will pull them away and step in as future me and not be shy. Also try to make my past self talk to my girlfriend more so I'm not so shy around her.

>  All of the world’s historical events.

>  I would travel back to one of the moments when I was on the verge of suicide and convince myself to do it. To do so it would be already sufficient to just tell myself how things in future will be.

>  Pick up Edgard Allen Poe and zip around for a bit... you know... to protect the time-space continuum.

>  Nowhere. I would live outside of time taking a vacation for as long as I need. Then I can pop back into my own timeline fully rested with no time having passed at all.

>  Honestly I'd take a good eternity to just.. find myself. I would experience all of the past, fully. Understand it. Then I'd come back to today and live the rest of my life without knowing the future

>  The year of 30 AD
I pay people to pretend to be blind and then i go around *healing* them claiming to be the son of God for clout. I'll also hire 12 guys to spread rumours about me doing this crazy shit like walking on water n i use my matter replication thing to turn 5 fish and 2 bead into thousands of fish bread for a bunch of starving people to worship me until i get crucified by the Romans because they couldn't check my vibe

But before i do all that i will go roughly 3 days AFTER my death just to spook everyone it'll be well funny

>  I would go back and make a small change to work out what sort of timelines we have. Singular/parallel ect.

>  Invest in the stocks that are huge today back when they just began, like Apple for example. Then I’d go to the future, see what stocks have done the same and incest in those in the present day.

>  Travel to the future, discover immortality and learn literally everything that has ever happened

>  September 22th, 2004...Premiere of "Lost"...that day I decided to watch it...If I could change it, that day I would have clean my apartment!

>  Go back to the Renaissance, draw up plans for electricity generators, light bulbs, batteries, circuits, electromagnets, automobiles, steam engines, aeroplanes, the theory of gravity, relativity, atomic theory, nuclear decay, pretty much anything else, sell all these inventions for a very pretty penny (precious metals, etc.) And then go back to the present day and see how much further along technology has progressed because of my actions. Then go to the future and nab myself some cool advanced tech. Finally, watch ancient battles (Peloponnesian War, etc.) while eating matter-replicated popcorn

>  With Matter replicator, I should build a giant laser cannon. So I can destroy asteroid in 66 million years ago.

>  Today's my grandma's 11 year death anniversary so I'd just like to see her from afar or something one last time.

>  Go back and shoot hitler right as he is put into power

>  I’m going back to WWI and tell the driver to take the first right so the archduke of Austria doesn’t get assasinated and arrest the assassins so that Hitler won’t be sad and WWI wouldn’t had happened

>  First, I'd make myself wealthy by going back in time just a few years and predicting one lottery drawing and the entirety of the stock market. Then I'd check out the future at a few increments to see how it's doing dystopia/utopia wise. Step 3 is to start spot-editing pivotal moments in history if it seems necessary after step 2. Clearly, step 3 is where the most can go wrong, and so it is to be avoided in possible.

>  Go back in time to London 1888 to try and stop Jack the Ripper by hiding in spots he would murder his victims in an attempt to stop him, only to inadvertently and accidentally kill women in each location only to discover that I am the legend of Jack the Ripper

>  As someone super interested in history and all that, the future, I'll hop forward a hundred years at a time and check society for the next few centuries, if something goes wrong I'll find some history books, check the local internet, find someone to explain. Them take all that I learned to avoid catastrophic futures, and guide humanity, plus I got a time machine so when I come back people will believe me. Fucking with the past is a surefire way to create paradoxes, fuck the world up, get killed. Plus imagine going a couple hundred years forward and being able to spoil real life for someone...

>  When the Szechuan sauce was still a thing, I’d first go there and try it

>  Boudicca's rebellion and fight with her

>  40 years ago, to know why the fuck is my dad taking so long to buy milk

>  I would go to Germany and kill Karl Marx. Communism is too much for humanity.

>  First of all I'd do personal business that means I'd ask my crush out and if she said no I would go back in time and tell my past self what I did and what she answered and to just forget her.

Then after doing Personal business I'd fly in future and look at new things, take one with me and in the end be the creator of those technological advances to make a shit ton of money.

I'd buy a nice house and some things, go find myself friends for life and then enjoy the rest of my life.

>  Shakespeare, Bach, Purcell, Mendelssohn, Mahler, Dickens, Tennessee Williams, Hemingway, Fitzgerald. People I need to try and be friends with.

>  Go meet Nikola Tesla, the found of electricity, he was croat aaaand we have the same name so yea, i would really like to talk to him

>  I would go visit the Prague Defenestration, not sure about the first or the second one though... 

If you think wait what never heard about it look it up... Sadly no English wiki page so I'll add the German one.

https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zweiter_Prager_Fenstersturz

If you think wait what is Defenstration look it up!

>  Too see where i went wrong with my life.

>  The first humans ever 

And stop what we have become 

With a rock

>  I’d go back in time, find a previous lottery ticket winner and rack his winning ticket so I’d win instead of him

Also I’d go to when kim k sex tape was taken. Ray J would catch these hands. Kim would be so impressed that I bashed him she’d fuck me instead

And I’d go back into 1993 and smoke with snoop dogg since I’ll show him how to get infinite blunts with my matter replicator

>  Travel to the time before you made this post and make some edits to Wikipedia 😏😏

>  With the matter replicater, I'll solve world hunger by creating a shit tonne of food and giving it to all hungry humans

>  I'd go warn the Vikings to have full battle dress at Stamford and that the legend who goes out onto the bridge needs to watch below for jabby [jabs](https://youtu.be/sMPGEpvU_5o)

>  Bruh why would I go anywhere.  
I would just stay home, time machine to go for Half-Life 3,Alyx etc. and back, cloaking device to hide that dead dog I forgot to feed, matter replicator to have infinite Coca Cola and entirety of Wikipedia I already have. It's called internet.

>  Everyone else is posting something smart or interesting. I’ll keep mine simple. My Oma passed away a year ago today. I was stuck at school 4 hours away and bumming about finals and my girlfriend that had just broken up with me but I couldn’t be there in her final moments to tell her I love her one last time. I’d take that time machine back just so I could say I genuinely loved her for how much she cared about me and my brother. I miss her.

>  Go to my mom ≈ 25 years ago and tell her it's a fucking bad idea

>  Go literally anywhere to discover that wiki consists of anti historical propaganda.

>  Prolly when the guy from (something) AC was attacked be "a water beast" in the Loch Ness. I'd love to solve that mystery.

>  I go to the day I die and prevent it with some terminator shit because time machines are advanced.

>  I'm going forward every 20 years to see if things get better.

>  To save my dad.   I wouldn't even mind trying over and over again like Okabe did for Mayuri in Steins;gate.   I'm not Miss America and don't give a shit about world peace or any bs.

>  I’d love to visit Victorian Britain. The absolute first place I’d go to would have to have be the opening day of the Great Exhibition in Hyde Park.

>  Well apparently unicorns used to exist, but not as we currently know them, I would go back in time an see if it was true

>  Great Pyramids. I want to put that to rest, no matter how it was done.

>  Go to Alan Turing and give him a 2015 15" MacBook Pro and spend some time teaching him modern programming languages and discussing with him. Then I would go to meet Albert Einstein and have some brainstorming session with him about physics and universe. Then my last stop would be to go to Leonardo Da Vinci and spend rest of my life with him materialising some of his ideas and help him develop some new ones. 

Also notice that I never travel into future because that could be very uncertain especially after influencing "present" timeline.

>  To meet Jack The Ripper and solve his case, as well as the unsolved murder cases around the globe and learn every language and culture

>  First I'd go to the future and check if there will be any world war, or tyrany taking over the world soon, and then I'd go like 15/20 years back, and recreate Steins;Gate scenario or somethin'.

>  I would go see my grandpa and spend an afternoon with him, I never got that chance

>  I go to the past. Really far back into the past, somewhere around the thirteenth to the early fifthteenth century, in medieval England, preferably near London, invent Gutenberg's printing press before he does (using wikipedia). I find some bum off the street begging for a living, convince him I'm some great prophet by administering some improvised antibiotics/moldy bread and wash him up to health/make him look less of a lower-class using the bathroom. Then, I go on Wikipedia, find as much dirt on the person in power (PIP) as I can and print small pamphlets containing the important stuff, which would be spread by the spokesman I found on the street. Then, I use Wikipedia to start predicting a bunch of eclipses and adding them to my pamphlets containing dirt on the king. By now, I would have gained a literal cult following, and I use my 'cult' to start spreading of my pamphlets, predicting more eclipses, convincing more 'spokesmen' I was sent by God and gaining an even larger influence. By now, I'm most likely threatening the PIP, with all the dirt and predicting eclipses and such, so I isolate myself and my group away from London. I use antibiotics to cure my people, and start building a community. 

I look at Wikipedia and the links of its citations and invent modern weaponry (like guns!) and return to London. I spread more propaganda, grow my community, arm my people, and set my eyes on London. I look at Wikipedia one last time before I storm London. The PIP, the local nobles, and his vassals doesn't stand a chance to proper military training and modern war tactics. After a successful conquest of the British Isles followed by the one at London, I start changing the country. I make a religion centered around myself, promote education (besides any that would contradict the belief that I am the chosen one) and build infrastructure. My first few spokesmen become my right hands. I would get my hands on both precious metals, food, and weapons, then use my matter replicator. I also ingeniously replicate my replicator multiple times. Most of my workforce is managing the replicators. I would become a large economic AND military power. 


Later, I would outlaw Christianity on purpose so the pope excommunicates me. The equivalent of The Crusades would most likely happen, and if they didn't, I would just start a war anyways. I would have an invasion of France and Normandy with the same success of the British Isles, for basically the same reasons. I use my same printing press tactics I used in London to convince most of France that I'm the great chosen one and integrate my religion and culture in France and slaughter the heretics. I make France England v2.0, outlaw Christianity, and slowly annex the entire country and establish some spheres of influence over the Holy Roman Empire (HRE). Instead of invading the HRE,  I establish some puppet leaders in some large duchies and let them revolt for my cause. After reinventing airplanes, I airlift these leaders the supplies they need to take over the HRE, and successfully start a revolution. After killing the royal family, they conveniently let me take alltheir land. With no resistance. Rinse and repeat what I did with France but with the HRE, and now I'm threatening the papacy. I stop at that point with the conquest of Europe though, knowing that there would be too much land to manage. 

I make large technological advancements that I refuse to share with my neighboring countries as they flounder around, unsuccessfully trying to reobtain lost land. Eventually, I reinvent nuclear fission technology, and make power grids for my cities. Following this advancement comes tanks, planes, and hydrogen bombs. At this point I have ~1000 bombs at my disposal, and as a show of power, I bomb the Vatican. Twice. You know what's going to happen next. A few decades later, after when I've taken over Eurasia and most of Africa (those Abyssinians were too strong!), when the entire continent knows my name, I would become very old and have a few months left, so I decide to go out with a bang. Literally. I launch all my hydrogen bombs at once, all aimed for different places in the world, marking the end of humanity and all terrestrial life.



Also, sorry for making this huge wall of text, but I gotta do what I gotta do. I'm not sure how accurate this is, but I tried. Sorry about the bad grammar.

>  I would just go to the indus valley civilization time to see what there culture was like and also what wiped them out.

>  Learn basic card tricks and make everyone think I’m a god and gain a cult following, live underground while I build an army with modern day weaponry and strategy. Then we surface and take over the world, bam! Unlimited rice pudding!

>  When the US Constitution was written make sure marijuana is federally legal to use, bring said marijuana to event for founding fathers to toke on.

>  First of all you'd need to biff tanner  and make a few million on gambling on games and stuff...then you solved the work problem... then you have to decide if you want to be an observer, or if you want to run the world... personally I'd like to stockpile billions and anonymously run a huge corporation so I could take advanced tech back in time and spelunk like a god among mortals... don't worry about the butterfly, if you kill it you'll just create a separate reality anyways

>  I would go to that moment in ww2 when the two rival armies stopped fighting and started dancing laughing and playing games on Christmas Morning

>  My future grave. Just to see how much time I've got. I know 'Doctor Who' stated that your grave is the one place in all of time & space you must never find yourself at, but I'm curious.

>  First I'd scare my young dad away from drugs and booze. Try to stop him from ruining his and my mom's lives. 


I'd use everything to sleep with heiresses and starlets in time. Marilyn Monroe, Daisy Fellowes, Gloria Vanderbilt, Edie Sedgwick, Jean Harlow, Rita Hayworth, etc. Assuming they are impressed with me. 

Then I'd see dinosaurs and cool shit through time. 

Then I'd continue using it to try and get laid.

>  Go back and talk Hitler out of becoming who he became. I can save millions of lives by being a friend.

>  I have questions. Do any of the things I do affect my current time line, ie killing Hitler alters history etc etc or does it just split a new timeline where Hitler was killed?

Can I take other people in the time machine?

Do I actually have to go anywhere? Can I just go watch the big bang or just chill out with some dinosaurs or go to the end of time and just watch it all collapse over and over again?

>  Well if I have a cloaking device I mean I gotta go see some dinosaurs and see what they actually look like or I would prevent one of my old teachers from being a teacher as they I had completely ruined my confidence for 11 years

Lmao went from wholesome to wtf is wrong with this person

>  honestly- id go back in time to see if the things recorded in the bible actually happened. i come from a really religious background but am not religious myself- that curiosity is still there though. i would love to see if the red sea actually parted or if it was some weird allegory. cuz without the biblical context, some of the stories in there are actually kinda cool.

>  Probably go at the birth of Christ and see what happens . And also talk to the greatest minds of the World ( Tesla, Einstein, Newton and others) and share what I learned from them.

>  First, to the future, where I get the cure for aging then into the past where I try to advance civilization by bringing modern day inventions.

>  I'd probably prevent WW2, just to see how long the Great Depression would last if we hadn't gone into war, by using the power of Wikipedia. I'd use the matter replicator to make a sort of e-book that'll make reading the Wikipedia easier such as being able to search for specific things like dates and people because actively searching for some stuff just might be too long. I would then use that book to be a sort of Prophet and come to key people in the past and tell them about whatever decision they would choose and have them think it over. Just to see what kind of person they are. Would the people that assassinated Franz Ferdinand not Kill him knowing what would come in the War? Would the guy that rejected Hitler from Art School reject him knowing what would become? I'd then go into the future and see what type of impact their decisions would have made by going into their schools and looking into the worlds history lessons. 




That and I would like to see what it is like to go to have a fling with ladies of the past and future, both commoners, rich, and the well known (basically the ones we see in history books, is what I'm trying to say).

>  Future.  

Update Wikipedia..

Return.  

Change (future) history...

In my favor of course. Think I'd give a damn a lot more than whoever's running the show now.

>  You would go back in time and materialize in solid objects and kill yourself. Everyone knows Wikipedia has flaws.

>  To the day Hitler made his first public appearance to convince him that his mustache looks stupid and under lip hair is the better way to go.

That way people will stop walking around with these stupid soul patches (under lip hair)

>  Why would i go anywhere with such complete amenities.

>  Now thats the life i wanna be living! First I'd look up in wiki if I'm immortal inside the time machine due to relativity or if i just age normally. If i age i would probably travel to the future to see how it is and if i like it stay there. If i happen to be immortal i would start a journey visiting historical events over humanities timeline. Find out where we came from how we discovered tools when we got intelligent. Then proof or disproof if jesus was really born and after that go to other various events in more modern world like world wars and key events in them elections technological breakthroughs etc and again then go to the future

>  Well assuming it can travel through space as well as time I'd probably go pick up my boyfriend and go on an intergalactic adventure and then take us back at the time right after we left. Basically i'd pull some Dr. Who shit.

>  Isn’t there going to be an issue with ending up in the middle of space, opening the doors and instantly dying? Time machines are limited to only going forwards or backwards in time, and not changing their location, so the earth would move but the time machine wouldn’t.

What you really need is a TARDIS, then you can really go anywhere, and you can open the doors to have a look out in safety.

>  Make a YouTube channel called BuzzFeed unsolved solved where I solve all the mysteries on the show

>  Baby hitler

>  The future of course. I will kote down all major sport events, who wins etc., what companies flourish and so on.
After that I go back in time, invest my money and look my account on ice. I go into the future again, but this time every few years foreword to touch upon my account, so that the money doesn't get seized by the government.

>  Travel and kill half of population while snapping fingers ...

>  Go back to the 1800's old West and get modern guns and take over a plantation and free the slaves and pay them and teach them and hopefully be able to hire enough people to make a decent plantation but be a generous ass boss lol. Everyone will want to work for me. Maybe go meet Jesus too

>  Does it factor in galactic trajectory, etc? Is it vacuum sealed? Will it account for clipping? Will the matter replicator be able to make me medicine to cure whatever ails me?

>  To the polis where Socrates started all the problems shitting around asking questions

>  Battle of Salamis, then all the major Greek battles. Key moments in history that I've studied, and it would be great to see it live!

>  Id join the same division my grandpa was in to know what kind of man he was. Then I’d jump a couple years further to see what became of him. I never knew my grandpa and my mom always said he would be proud of me. Also I would join my marching band in the year it was formed

>  I'd love to record some prophets being regular douchebags and not perform miracles. Also try to find the people that actually wrote them holy books and see if they will openly admit they were doing it for power. Also maybe check out some of the pholosophers and builders of pyramids, not just the Egyptian ones. Things like that

>  Probably check out all the cool shit in the past, dix a few problems, then start my life over in the 80s

>  Go to the time when civilization started

>  I'd distribute the Lord of the rings books to anybody 500+ years ago that could read. They'd probably think that shit was real

>  2007 sometime mid summer, the day I stuck that pipe in my mouth. I'd go back and say "no, just say no." That's what I would do. Id get my life back, my family, my children, my faith and my God. And I would never compromise my integrity for anyone or anything again. Remember when we were kids and we were playing with our friends and  if we messed up we'd just yell "Do over," I wish I could get one of those now!

>  I'd probably go back to the 90's and make a life for myself there. I never experienced that decade, but everyone keeps on gushing about how good it was, and it really was by the looks of it- the economy was doing well, the USSR had collapsed, the internet was in its infancy before the corporations took over, and pop culture as we know it today was being born. Imagine going back to that rad decade with 20/20 foresight.

>  To the year i was born in to tell my parents a little something. Then I'd go to the far future and live in peace

>  I would go to the time when the crabby paddy was made find the secret ingredient and sell crabby paddys

>  I created a game like this. You get a solar powered ebook reader with Wikipedia, a bag of gold coins, and a first aid pack. Easy mode = 1600s onwards / English speaking, medium = 1200s onwards / English speaking or influence, hard = 600bc onwards

>  I would go back to the time when you were just about to post this question and have told you to do it which is not something anyone was expecting 🤣  Wait I guess it would have achieved one thing, a looped timeline. 😂😂

>  I'd attempt to prevent the assassination of Franz Ferdinand and hopefully erase both world wars from history.

>  I would just go back in time and talk with the leaders of huge nations such as ancient egypt or persia or babylon, show them my powers, such as knowledge of the future and ability to create anything. That will definitely start a religion and make me be seen as a god of some sorts. Using their faith, i would then advise the leaders with my knowledge in order to help them avoid the huge mistakes of humanity(The Persian-Eastern Rome wars, the burning of the Library of Alexandria, the destruction of the Babylonian Hanging Gardens etc.) And voila! There you have a much brighter present for humanity.

>  Middle ages. Im a history nerd and love period dress

>  1. Go to Rome

2. Tell Cesar: "Et vigilate: volueruntque insurgere adversum te hodie senatores sunt".

3. Come back to present. 

4. Watch Historia Civilis videos about Cesar's Patria campaign on youtube.

>  I'd go to the day my grandparents got married. I would love to be able to see them get married

>  I'd steal the first fez ever made.

>  Become a ruthless dictator and rule the world via communist trade I would immediately focus recourses on agriculture and water then other necessary stuff

>  10 minutes ago when I didnt have all these things. No thanks.

>  I go to when I die or in the future to see what has become of me . Or id tell a younger version of me to stop whatever I was doing because my life doesn’t depend on one text or the blade, I’d tell myself to put everything down and think . Think about the life you have - this text will ruin your life , one cut will ruin your life , one wrong action will change it all . Think before your actions , and that’ll help me become a better person .

>  get a huge stockpile of modern medicine. nothing too advanced, just antibiotics etc that dissolve in water. the dissolve in water part is important. i’m also gonna need some priestly/holy looking clothes. head to the middle ages, preferably when simony wasn’t a sin because i’m gonna be bringing the cash in. i’ll land my time machine outside outside a church on sunday so they think i’m a saint rather than a witch. then i’ll say god sent me to heal them for a small price, and dissolve the drugs in water and say i just blessed it. i won’t take money as payment, because it’ll be worthless when i get home, i’ll make sure to only take gold and things of historical importance i can flog to museums. 

if this isn’t enough, i might do a little more to raise cash. just looking up where the biggest diamond and gold mines are on wikipedia and when they were found and finding them first. go to the gold rush but know where all the gold actually is. invent amazon just before it’s meant to get invented with me as the leader, and then fake my own death when i got bored (and yes. i would be nice to my employees) 

i wouldn’t kill baby hitler, because killing babies is fucked up and i’d look like an asshat. i’d assassinate adult hitler, knowing exactly where previous assassins failed from wikipedia, and then i’d be a hero and i wouldn’t have to live with killing a baby. 

once i have enough, i’m going to the future, not the present (assuming this time machine also goes into the future). i will have already stealthily checked the future out with my cloaking device, to make sure it’s not too dystopian and just has cool with like cybernetics and flying cars and looks like a cyberpunk 2077 screenshot. this poses no advantage for me, i just really like cyberpunk settings and i want to live in one. plus now that i’m filthy rich 1.) if the government is super corrupt i’ll be fine because i’ll be rich and can bribe them into not caring who i am, why i don’t know what year it is, and why i have so much gold. plus there’s more cool shit to buy in the future, like flying cars and prosthetics that make so you can shoot lasers out of your arms. i’ll sell all of the gold and shit, and i can always go back for more if i want or if the future starts sucking/turns out not to be super capitalist like my plan kind of banks on it being

then i relax in my neon skyscraper with my cybernetically enhanced future husband, who i love very much, and have the life of my dreams

...I think about this a lot

>  Honestly, I wouldn't mess with anything, but I would try to get some views of some historical events like the building of the great pyramids, Stonehenge, etc. I'd also like to watch some of the battles fought before the invention of guns, when chivalry was around with the knights. Again, I wouldn't want to interfere, I'd just like to witness things in humanity. Maybe see some dinosaurs.

>  Go to the past, give smart scientists access to current science, let them figure out new stuff until multiverses are discovered (or proven nonexisting).

>  A tad personal, but I would use it to stop my friend from commiting suicide two years ago

>  Wyoming in 1700s to see the area. Along with the great plains. Just to take in how big the buffalo herds where. Plus be interesting just to have the peace of it. Other then those. Maybe 1950s just to somehow buy a suit. Always loved the clothing. Plus I would be able to hear dragnet on the radio. Maybe pop in on my dad's birth. See my mom before she passes. To tell her I will miss her.

>  Does it travel through space as well as time?

>  I go back to the dinos and make myself a safezone with turrets or some shit and start taming all the harmless dinos untill not even a trex could attack me becouse all my triceratrops would protect mr from it than i go back into the present and start generating money by bringing reach people there for holidays, once i have enough money i start bringing dino eggs back into the present and start building a giant park with prehutoric plants also and all the diferent dinos, i would make tons of money i would have my dream come thru and i woul be able to retire as the richest person ever.

>  Replicate myself a couple of consoles with all the necessities, some pot and some food and chill in space while occasionally warping through time if I get bored.    
  
Is this the right answer?

>  Probably go back and forth in time and etch my name in past and future history as a Time traveller. Probably people will think I am God. 
Also save lot of lives in the mean process. With great power comes great responsibility.

>  Would definitely just make my time machine look like The Tardis and travel between comic cons, nerdy events and stuff. Go about maybe to try and help people. I'd go to when the first person was classed or made a slave and try do something about it, with hopes it has an impact to today.

>  Gigs, raves & festivals: Fantazia Littlecote House New Years Eve (1992) for starters. I wasn't there for that - only just left school. 

Big Love 1996, Outmoor Park - I did visit this one, it would be great to go back.

Woodstock, the first Glastonbury's, The Stone Roses @ Spike Island, Genesis - Wembley 1986, all included.

It'd be great to find raves where tracks like The Prodigy - Out of Space and SL2 - On a Ragga Tip were first played. That must have torn the roof off.

On a completely different vibe - it would be great to find out exactly what went down concerning the [Three Secrets of Fátima](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Secrets_of_F%C3%A1tima)

>  I would travel back in time to the Egyptians and proclaim myself as a god so they’d draw shit about me but I’d stand in a squat the full time so I look like I’m am taking a dump

>  I'm killing baby Hitler.

As a German I feel like I owe it to the world

>  I'd go back and tell Eve..."DONT DO IT!!!"🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻

>  When my brother was born so I can shoot him for what he did 20 years later

>  Go back to that Day when I had a chance! Then I will tell her how I love her and ask her whether we can have a relationship. I miss that chance, and regret.

>  I thinkbI would go to the Big Bang to see what really happened Then I would go in 1789 to see the french Revolution. and finally i'd go before life appeared so I can just take the most peaceful sleep where danger wouldn't be a thing . then i'd go in the present and hide the time machine so if there is any side effects nobody would be hit by these side effects. and maybe I would try to see how it works so I could be helpful to the humanity and maybe build the car of the future

>  Versailles circa Louis XV reign, here I come!

Versailles durant le regne de Louis XV, j'arrive!

>  I'd say it's obvious, you have to make plans:
Arm yourself with a paper and pen, hum your way through every Top 40 hit since the hit parade started and make a list

Learn all the words, remember the tunes.
Make sure you have it all written down.
Set the dial to where you're heading to, the year before Elvis: 1952

Now, welcome to your alternative life.
You are the king of rock and roll, insurmountably high.
You have the songs, you are the king of radio.
You preempt every fashion like you knew exactly which way to go

It just seems to be effortless.
The way you write them in ten minutes or less.
And bitter nobodies can't explain how you took their inner secrets and spewed them out your mouth before they could write them down.

But wait a minute, seriously, wait a minute.
This has happened before, I swear this has happened before.
There were those two weird kids from Liverpool, they came out of nowhere...
Wait a minute, John and Paul something...

Paul McCartney and John Lennon came back from a different future armed with notebooks filled up with songs stolen from kids who now stay at home

Mark Chapman was sent back in time to assassinate John Lennon. 
Paul is left but the questions is
Who will be the T-1000?

Keith Richards!
Think about it!
He can't be killed!
He will not die!
Keith Richards!
Keith Richards is a T-1000

Watch your back, Paul
Seriously, man
Watch your back

>  To the creator of doctor who and give him the idea of the show

>  The 80's and never return

>  I'd make my entire planet disappear in a time war then I'd travel through time and space picking up random people and traveling with them for a while and almost fucking dying every single time

>  10 seconds ago to make an infinite time loop

>  I’m assuming that there’s some kind of transportation device aswell, so I wouldn’t have to get around with my huge time machine on foot.

First I would go through history to find missing data, like what was in Greek fire or who killed JFK. I would collect all the data and edit the damn wiki pages myself. (Even if it’s just me who can see it)

Then I would go back to like the Middle Ages in Denmark and I would conquer a small piece of land using gunpowder or a machine gun. I would make my peasants semi free, and instating my own government, where they’re forced to learn the same as we do today. I would then make it a secret society and help them to wealth beyond imagination. Then they would become a shadow council, that I would visit 50 years at a time through history, trying to shape them into knowledge gatheres. 

After hundreds of years, they should be at a level of knowledge, beyond my own, and I would help them further their sciences, to better the future!

>  100 years into the future to see if we made it... And if we did, how high the sea level is now.

>  I follow the instructions in exurb1a's video Unlimited Rice Pudding and become the pilot of history,monarch of humanity,GOD EMPEROR OF TIME ITSELF *insert Low of Solipsism as I laugh manically*

>  Everyone's answer is so exciting and adventurous. My very first thought was to go see my best friend that died 10 years ago of congestive heart failure at 25. I think if I thought long and hard I would end up settling on an adventure, but anytime I am asked a question of that nature, he comes to mind first.

>  Honestly, just travel across the world. Maybe bring some ancients goods back from the past so as to have cash. I mean, I have an awesome pad anyway.

>  First I post this exact question on reddit to get good ideas... then I just go into the future anyway to see what happens... then I make an educated decision about what to do based on what the current future holds... 
travel, observe, collect data, masturbate.

>  I wouldn't use the time machine. Instead I would use the matter replicator to summon infinite money

>  My first thought was to infiltrate Princip's group and convince them to kill Ferdinand secretly, avoiding a major international incident. Hopefully, that means no WWI, which means no WWII and no Middle East troubles.   


But then I figure, if you're gonna change things, why not go big? The biggest problem through history, as far as I see it, is the primacy of the powerful and murderous over everyone else. So I go waaaay back, like 7,000BCE, and foster a fledgeling empire. I pop back in every few years for a couple of days to keep things on track and keep their technology superior to those around them, and to guide their philosophy towards peace and stewardship of nature. Historically, such peaceful groups were easily subjugated, but my guys always seem to have an inexplicable military advantage. I bring photovoltaics and electricity in early and we skip the whole fossil fuels thing. If I drop in for one day every year, thirty years of my life would span 10,000 years of empire.   


Maybe it would just end up fucking things up in different ways, but it seems like it would be worth a shot.

>  The Zulu Empire. As a South African, I find my country's history fascinating. I would want to find out more about the Zulus since they didn't keep historical records, meaning that the history we learn about the Zulus comes from European accounts.

>  I wouldn't want to go into rhe past because I think that would break space-time so better not risk it.
But I would go into the future and see how funny the human race dies out.

>  Kill the first human ever born. Fuck us

>  Realise when I try to solve a problem in history that after solving it I never actually solved because the new present me never saw the problem thus erasing any ability to alter the time stream thus spiralling into a depression and ultimately killing myself.

>  If anyone says anything but dinosaurs, they're full of shit.

>  try to add a kitchen in the time machine

>  To bed, for a peaceful rest away from everyone and everything.

>  A point in time after a comfortable buffer margin after we're sure behaviorally modern humans emerged. Likely in one of the known cradles of civilization. 

I plan out how I'm going to slowly but surely impart all of human wisdom upon the species. I give myself as many vaccines as I can, I mean I have a head start on the 'natives' but no point rolling the dice without them. In fact factor in vaccinating my chosen tribe/people to, dunno, it's a conundrum between saving them from avoidable deaths and giving humanity the longer term ability to develop natural inherent immunities which sadly requires some fatalities over the generations. 
I don't envy the choice tbh. 

I assume the OP has a similar idea otherwise whith the wikipedia?

My main gripe is that I'd have to rely on wiki and couldn't access the actual sources, but I'd try my best with what we have. 

It'd all probably go tits up and be lucky to leave a mystery for conspiracy theorists or even archeologists, but I'd want to jump-start humanity's climb to civilization as early as possible. 

In the grand scheme perhaps it doesn't matter, but still. It seems like the only thing worth doing with that power, otherwise I'd probably take the cloaking and replication tech, give it to humanity of the present day, but only after I have destroyed the time machine and erased as much of it and info about it as possible so no-one else can use it or build one.
No point allowing the absolute space-time destroying hijinks and chaos that giving humanity time travel tech would lead to.

>  Step 1 go back in time buy the expensive comics in bulk 

Step 2 bury them in a sealed environment proof capsule so they age correctly in a place that still hasn't been dug by treasure hunters(trial and error is going to be a thing)

Step 3 profit as the only person with graded mint condition action comics #1 and amazing fantasy 15

>  To the future to learn about the super technology, then I'd go back in time and call myself a god with magical powers

>  I'd use it to produce all manner of goods, sell them  and make lots of money, and then either donate cash, or produce food, medicine etc to give to the needy under the guise of a big corporation trying to offset it's tax bill. I'd be helping the world while also not attracting attention to the device 

Then I'd use my wealth to bang some hoors.

>  Go to all the places in London when and where jack the ripper killed to find out who it is

>  I would mostly go to cool low-stakes stuff.  Like early concerts by U2 and The Smiths.  I'd go to the 1950s and buy tons of MCM furniture and housewares.  And I'd go to MCU opening nights worldwide so I could experience over and over the moments I loved.

>  Invest in all big companies when they started. And become the richest person ever

>  So if I travel to my own future, would present me merge with future me and gain all the memories from the time in between? Or will there be two of me running around?

>  First of all, dinosaurs. Always dinosaurs. For curiosity’s sake, really. I’d try to take a few baby dinosaurs to maybe keep them as pets or something.

Then, just travel to the early stages of society and teach people about modern science. Bada bing bada boom, industrial revolution thousands of years before it ever happened normally. Also, since I’d have so much knowledge and science, I’d look like a god to early humans, so I’d make them build a religion around me. 

Now we have a world with tons of futuristic technology (I’m sure we’d have flying cars by now if we had gotten a head start earlier on) and everyone obeys my every whim because I’m a god. Yay.

>  I'ma try the sacred chicken (dodo bird)

>  I would travel into the Future and all the developments they have would I Take back to my time, and this will i do some hundred Times...

>  Back to the time, Atlantis and mu would be a thing and make them great again.

>  I would, go to my past self when I had $100 for example and matter replicate the fuck out of the money

>  Go back to before the Europeans started enslaving my African ancestors and establish Wakanda. I would also do the same with the native Indians.

>  Somewhere where I can change something regarding an article. Maybe assasinate someone, or change something just a little bit to see if something changes

>  I’d go back to before the enlightenment, because people will be easier to bullshit with the Wikipedia knowledge. I would start a cult and call it the order of the supreme being and fix shit to make the past a better place. And write down the exact time of every solar eclipse since the start of the 1400s.

>  Probably to ancient celtia to see the origins of humanity, or to the primal foundations of the earth. Maybe after that i watch the formation of the big ass crater in Mexico.

>  Go forward and look for winning lottery numbers, predict crazy future events, and post it all on 4chan. Also solve all the unsolved mysteries, like Roswell.

>  Go back to the renaissance/ 1700s and become a huge musical ‘genius’ playing ‘revolutionary’ songs that are actually just modern ones and your the world, ‘performing’ for all sorts of people but also leave odd bits of evidence around that will make no sense to historians who find them in the future.

>  Go back and take all kinds of Dinosaur eggs and create a real life Jurassic Park.

Nothing could go wrong, right?

>  The year 0, to see if it exists. Then, about year 4-10 in Jeruzalem, to see if Jesus really did all those things. My theory is that he existed, but was just a normal man, and he tricked people into believing he was magical and somehow society made a whole religion about it. I'm curious.

>  Nowhere... I now have a home with free rent... Something I couldn't ever have in the real world

>  U would probably go experiment with the timeline ,see how things work out if I chnge somethig, probably gonna start a timewar with myself ending reality in the proces

>  To as many Queen concerts as I can, specifically ones where Freddie vocalized with the audience, and hell maybe even get to live a temporal bucket list of listening to Freddies crazy ass stories over some whiskey

>  The future to check out how I’m doing. I’d do 20 years out so I could see a decent chunk. If the ‘laws’ of time travel don’t exist that is. Im pretending everything is not set in stone once I see it and I can change things to make progress!

>  To the year 3000, where everything is chrome plated.

>  i would time travel to all the times where religious stuff happened like jesus being resurrected just to see if god is real or not and answer the question finally. then visit the pyramids and maybe see the dinosaurs.

>  Destroying the Time Machine would be first priority.  The Cloak and M.R. would be kept for private gain, initially.  And I would donate $3 to Wikipedia.

>  I'd go back in time to whatever ancient creatures we came from, and find just that one creature I'd need to kill in order to prevent humans from ever evolving.

>  A few years ago to place stocks to cash out in bitcoin

>  Put a dollar in the replicator.

Take the outcome.
Put it back to the replicator.
Repeat.

>  To when Marvel comics started up. Of better yet, create Marvel comics with Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. I'd also like to see my grandparents when they were younger. I'd also go back in time to different times to try and bring peace to the world. Basically, stop wars, fix global problems, etc etc. Oh, or just make myself a bunch of money, and visit past versions of myself to give the money to them, to help my family out so we aren't struggling both in the past and in the present.

>  go and make sure the person who created exams is executed

>  I go back to just before this post was made, message /u/_21928274999 telling him/her that he has to give me his password to his account so that I can post an /r/askreddit scenario to complete a time loop that I'm in

>  I’d have to start with Dan Snyder no way that mistake should be allowed happen twice

>  Late 15th century and acquire a suit of italian plate that fits me.

Then dinosaurs, grandma, stephen hawking and finally to wherever that mythical hdd of bitcoin was thrown away on the day of the throwing away.

>  I would prevent religion and so we would have never entered the dark ages of science/research renewal and humanity would be 1000 years more advanced

>  Before the Big Bang so I could watch it all be created— and to solve quite a few scientific questions

>  I go back in time to when I started hanging out with my girlfriend and I sit down and watch. I make notes as to anything that she says she wants to do or other things she likes. I then wingman for myself by using the matter replicator to get whatever she wants. Once I’d watched through everything up to where I am in the relation ship I’d go back to where I was and then a future version of me would wingman for me instead. This way I’d be able to make her truly happy and literally be in multiple places at once so that I could spend more time with her.

>  But you can only travel to the same date and time as you are currently in, or the earth won’t be there in space when you pop out of the 4th dimension. Or does the time machine travel the 800 kmps required to follow the earth’s rotation and orbit around the sun?

>  Several stops.

1st back to the birth of Bitcoin.

2nd back to 2015 and make sure the Russians/GOP don't win the 2016 election.

3rd Go to the future and see if a cure for AIDS and cancer exists, if so bring it back to the 1970's.

4th Travel back and get my self painted in different eras.

>  See my dad again. I don’t know if he can get this message, but I love you. Thank you for being the best dad you could be

>  Go Back in time and be a god, try and make humanity better.

>  First, I would pay a lot of money to scientists to create a device that can protect people from changes in the past; a timeline anchor of sorts. Once I know they work, by trying them on on someone who's future doesn't put mine in jeopardy, then I would give them to the people that I want to keep existing, and go back and fix everything that I can

>  I would unleash massive amounts of scientific fact to help better mankind.

>  Gonna go back to the guy who killed me and kill him as a baby that son of a bitch

>  I'd like to visit the past maybe during the classical era and ancient Greece or during the roman empire but as long as I don't have an AI robot doctor who can correctly diagnose any diseases, tell if a food or drink is contaminated, tell how to live a healthy lifestyle so I don't get infected by any plagues, perform a surgery, comfort me if I feel like homesick and a lifetime supply of every modern medicine ever and a lifetime supply of decent food (and guns lot of guns and ammunition in case things get nasty) then I won't be heading into the past further back than the 1900's.

>  I'd honestly ho back a decade or so and Invest all my savings in Bitcoin :v

>  Modern day-ish London.

>  Depending on the size of my time machine and the ability to park it on a moving platform, I'd go full-[*Millenium*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0k8xDtHnNM) and start pulling passengers off crashing airliners.  Malaysia Flight 370.  The 9/11 passengers.  I'll drop them off at their destination airports in my home era so history doesn't change.  "Bad news, friends:  Your flight is arriving late.  The good news is, you have the rest of your lives to find your way home."

Alternatively, I'd go back and steal the lost episodes of Doctor Who from the BBC archives.  That's probably why they're missing now, I just haven't done it in my personal timeline yet.

>  I go back in time to the night my dad died when I was little, and somehow talk him into staying home instead of going out with his friends (he died in a car accident)

>  To visit lost civilizations and aincent mistery cities, like the one that suposedly existed in the amazons, and all the ones that have engineers scratching their heads for whatever reason

>  As far as I can to see if Prometheus was accurate!

>  Five minutes ago to tell myself not to burn my burrito.

>  I go rob Walmart of all their Nintendo switches and replace them with the matter replicator, keep one donate the rest to a toy drive
It's all in the spirit of Christmas

>  Where is no people, insects, and other other dangerous things.

>  I would go to space

>  1950s too see all the famous musicians at the time, the 80s for the fashion and then the Baroque period to watch mozart, beethoven all that good stuff. then time travel to see all the premieres of chiCago, bye bye birdie west side story all this great musicals

>  Go to the future when they've cured all diseases and bring that shit back.

>  Fırst I would go to 23 April 1920 to watch TBMM open, possibly meet Atatürk. Even if i can't meet him personally hearing his voice would be enough. I always wondered how he sounded.

Then I would go to whenever jack the ripper supposed to live, find out who they were. Ofcourse i wouldnt be able to tell anyone, but knowing it myself is enough.

after that to Sparta, be a mighty warrior and live a happy life as a lesbian, maybe join the artemis's followers for a fun time, than go to the 20's to enjoy swing music in some bar/café

>  Me when I was 16. Warn me not to ever date my ex (who was abusive) and give myself the name of my current girlfriend of 10 years so that I could find her online and date her instead.

>  Actually I would go back to 1899 and warn Arthur Morgan to stay away from Mr Downes 😭 I don't know how Rockstar did it but I'm more emotionally invested in that game than my own life.

>  Back in time to bring Einstein back with me

>  A century or two in the future, and either just get a bionic leg, or have the future doctors fix my knee and other various issues assuming they are able too at that point. If I can actually change my own timeline then I would prevent the knee injury in the first place, by telling myself to never do jump squats. And I would possibly prevent all the other issues by telling myself to never take Cipro.

>  I would probely dont do much with it after finding out that i cant talk to anybody in the distand past or future because the language chances so much

>  As a history buff I'd just like to passively spectate every major milestone moment that defined history. My first stop would be the birth of Christ, not to confirm or deny anything, just to watch. From there it's the sacking of Rome to the signing of the declaration of independance, the fall of Pompeii to the assassination of JFK, the end of WWI and Live Aid in Wimbledon, seeing Babe Ruth hit a home run to watching the '92 Dream Team, and the 1938 New York World's Fair to watching the moon landing on TV. etc, etc., etc.

I would also cross check Wikipedia for accuracy and making changes along the way.

>  I'd go to before the americas bombed hiroshima and stop them from creating the bomb then I'd go back into the future to see how Japan and the world is doing and if it's too bad then I'd go back and help them build it.

>  Back in history to tell people to update Wikipedia to make it amazing with everything I need and add all the articles on cooking so I can live there forever with no worries at all. Duhhhh

>  Edit: this is a surprisingly (more so than I first thought when reading the question anyway) interesting question, but none of the answers I've read yet have been particularly interesting I don't think.

Well, I think the first thing has to be to go forward in time to get a copy of whatever the future equivalent of Wikipedia is about as far into the future as I dare go (I think there is an increasing risk, the further you go forward, that the earth is no longer inhabitable, and you end up in a black hole or something, so you have to balance that against the risk of wasting your life by not moving far enough forward to learn something crucial before you run out of time and die of old age). For all we know, the time machine might be able to go back in time, but doing so might destroy the universe. That would be a shame to do accidentally. Understanding enough about how physics works to know whether that is safe is a pre-requisite to doing that I think. Of course, going forward may destroy the universe too, but, based on my current understanding, that seems much much less plausible. 

There is the issue of whether you have to go forward to somewhere where the time machine can exist in the same physical space. I am assuming that it is also a space ship with at least 1 billion km range, so I am going into deep space, going forward a bit in time, then returning to earth, finding out about things, perhaps upgrading it if space travel has advanced a lot and it is no longer a safe bet that there won't be something unexpected in the way within a billion or so km of earth, repeating etc, until I am as far forward as I dare go, or am sufficiently sure that issues surrounding going back in time, and humans dying so easily, are resolved.

Next, the issue is how long I live. I would want to understand a lot more about consciousness before deciding what I actually want to do to prolong my life, but I think that just copying myself with the matter replicator probably isn't it. I'm not sure if I want a copy of me at all really, but I'm unsure what it is that J do want here. I do want to live much much longer though.

Once I am (compared to now) immortal, and am relatively sure that I am not going to destroy the universe by going back in time, I would guess that I would start exploiting this to help myself and others. I think that what I would do here is best decided with the vastly greater knowledge and understanding that I now have from probably at least a few years of reading future-wikipedia. Maybe, having done this, I never even decide to go back in time to any point since the earth existed at all. Maybe it is all just a bit irrelevant in the grand scheme of things, and, by this point, I'd be concerned with something different, like hoarding free energy by collapsing as many galactic super clusters into enormous black holes as I can so that I can continue to function well after the heat death of much of the universe, or something. Who knows what might seem important as a vastly better informed person who has had the benefit of the most significant of centuries (hopefully, hopefully humans last that long) of human thinking? No point speculating now what someone changed by the knowledge of centuries more philosophy, physics etc will think is important.

Of course, there is a chance that I just go a decade ahead in my first jump and am immediately killed by an automated sentry robot from an alien empire that has wiped out humanity in the meantime, so, it might all lead nowhere. If that happens, maybe I'd prefer to be the guy who destroyed the universe by going back in time first. Can't know though obviously.

To be honest, a better answer would be to ask Keanu Reeves, who clearly already has this. Perhaps he has thought of a better answer.

>  To England and idk how many years, but far enough when kings and queens were really worshiped and stuff... Wikipedia doesn’t have information about the future...? But it does for the past so I’ll travel to the past. Why England? I don’t really know.. I just wanna tease the monarchs and have them after my head then vanish to another timeline. Or I would befriend the princes then secretly murder them in their sleep then travel to another timeline again... probably going to Korea just to see those beautiful palaces... then burn them (joke... I’ll just burn the side towers..) then travel to another timeline.....


It asked for where and when I’d go first....
I don’t know

Oh wait past England ye..... to bully the princes

>  Forward so I can see where I went wrong and correct it

>  Early 2000's to see the release of the GameCube again.  Kind of lame but damn I love that little console.

>  To invest in katos and howls and dragon lores

>  Go forwards into a post scarcity future and download all the information and upgrade my tech. Then go back in time to the day I was born so I don’t fuck with the past and erads myself and release the tech to every nation in the world. Pretty sure if everyone’s got every single resource need met then we wouldn’t have any world conflict. We could easily stop global warming and people could just fuck off to a space colony if they felt like it. I’d just use it to bring us forwards a couple ten thousand years in tech in the space of a few years.

 From there probably just time travel around and watch cool shit happen in history. Find out about lost religions and cultures, see dinosaurs and famous people and shit like that.

If time travel doesn’t erase me from existence then I’d find loads of different bands of Stone Age hunter gatherers and give them all technology from the future and see how crazy this alternate history ends up. I’d probably just use it to create fucked up alternate timelines tbh. Then when I’m bored of that I’d just do my original plan.

>  **I would go to 1241, Europe, and RUIN The Mongol Horde that attacked it.** I would arm the Poles and Hungarians who took the brunt of their attack with modern-ish weaponry, artillery, guns, maybe even airplanes.

*Welcome in Europe sons of Khans, say hello to our Gatling guns!*

>  2015, so i can stop myself saying something extremely stupid to my friend group before leaveing my elementary school.

>  So a tardis? We going to solve Jimmy Hoffa's death bois

>  Well 10 minutes before I got it so I can test if it is real.    


After that fuck the economy by printing enough money to buy up most properties in the 1920s, then jump a year ahead until present day when my riches have compounded to the point I can retire and do whatever I want including run for the president then destroy the world, just to watch it burn.

>  I would go to Russia and kill Putin before his president career

>  Go through time, check out past bets, go \*back\* in time, bet on events that are likely to succeed, repeat until I have a sizable fortune. Then divide that fortune up and hide it in multiple places around the world. I'll call it the "Philosopher's Legacy" or something.

>  Do I also get a universal translator?

Either way, my first stop is the future. I have some body dysphoria I'd love to get sorted. Heck, I'm not just transgender, I'm also transhumanist, maybe there are some cool cybernetic upgrades I can get while I'm there. 

I'm also generally more interested in seeing what the future holds than dwelling on (or in) the past. 

But I would like to check out some stuff, just for first hand knowledge of disputed events. And I would probably go through the major events of history in general.

>  First thing... I would hunt down every single KKK member from the civil war to modern day. There would not be a single member left by the time I was done. Then bring an Abrahams tank to Wounded Knee to reinforce the Lakota. Man there are so many bigots that would pay. Only thousands of gallons of the blood of the oppressors would slake my thirst for vengeance. And in so becoming the oppressor would I end myself after my task was done.

>  I'd go back and parent myself. Hopefully able to not instill the same issues I grew up with.

>  I would go back in time and kill the guy who made plastic pacaging you need scissors to open

>  I go see dinosaurs then come back to give the information in a for of a book so nobody knows if it's legit

>  I'd scout out the distant future first for established scholarship on time travel paradoxes and other technical risks . . . and hopefully a shot of immortality juice too.  If nothing else, I'd try to collect on an old investment set up just for that purpose.  Then, assuming it wouldn't fubar the universe, I might go sightseeing at sites that have since fallen to ruin . . . the Great Pyramids in pristine condition should probably be the highlight of the first tour.

>  I wouldn't be able nor want to change the history. But i would go to Alexandra's library and copy every book and bring it to today's time.

>  To the apartment my dad grew up in New York. So I’d be able to see his parents alive. This would be around the 80s. He doesn’t have many pictures of them, and he doesn’t have any family Members left. It would be something we both could do.

>  1500 and become Duke of Prussia

>  Don't we all go back and kill Hitler or otherwise prevent his rise to power???

>  10 minutes ago, to tell the person who put it there to get out, since I just tidied my room.

>  I would start with "unsolved mysteries and crimes". 

I am not sure if would stop them, but I am sure I would make them regret it. 

Yes.

>  25/05/12 My grandmothers last day alive I miss her so much her voice was like an angel I just wanna hear her say anything again she passed of lung cancer in her sleep the following day she always used to be so glad to see you and would always have the biggest smile on her face she made the best mashed potatoes and gravy I’ve ever had and I’d do anything just to see her one last time.

>  Back to 2016 to unbreak this last election and make sure Biff Tannen is only responsible for buffing cars. Then I'm parking that machine on the train tracks to make sure we don't get stuck back on that crazy timeline ever again.

>  I'd go so far into the future. Like at least a couple of thousands of years, just to see what that shit is like. Knowing that humanity has met aliens trumps anything I would ever want to know about the past.

>  I'd go in the future, steal some technology to walk on water then go in the past walk on water in front of everybody and make them think  i'm the son of a god

>  "Well depending on how the time machine works, how about you pack a f***ing space suit? Because if your time machine works like a teleporter, what do you think is going to happen when you push the go button?"

>  I would check in on my ancestors. See where my modern family gets their traits.

>  Wait a few minutes to see if my future self comes back to stop me. Or tell me everything’s all good. Otherwise I’ll assume I died out in my time travels, so I may not even use it.

>  Go back in time, built a following by doing neat tricks, show them steam power and modern military tactics to overwhelm the leaders of their time, introduce them to science and the scientific method centuries before its inception, build a humanity based on prosper and peace, as i am controller of everything. 

Scientist will focus on a cure for aging first and foremost (with bringing our current knowledge, it shouldn't take tooo long) and surveilance, to make sure i stay at power... 


.... something something rice pudding... something something god emperor of time.... 

credits to exurb1a on youtube.

>  I think it's space time machine, since 'where' is also mentioned in question.

>  Go back to the medieval days and be the greatest thief there ever was. Become something of a 'prophet' as well, revealing future events before they occur.

>  Pick up Hitler and other leading Nazis in the 1920s and check them all under Jewish or Roma/Sinti names into concentration camps in the 1940s.

Get all those who made the decision for WWI and put them as simple grunts into the trenches of WWI.

Something similar with the creators and profiteers of slavery.

Work my way through past and history like that with all genocides, wars etc. Enough to do for several lifetimes.

PS: When I am done, I am going to visit John Rawls.

>  July 22 2017. That was the day before my son ended his own life at 16. I would then take him on an adventure through time. Hopefully alleviate his depression long enough that we could then get him more/better help. Every time travel question for me starts with stopping my son from leaving us.

>  I’d go to the 1970’s and invest in several businesses opening accounts for my “grandkids”

>  I want to see the first review of death note

>  Iteratively travel back to meet my younger self to teach them complex topics, ethics etc to hopefully over multiple attempts become someone who is equipped to shape history, but probably still feel like what I'm doing is inherently wrong

>  First, I refuse to get in bc I need to go to find whatever moron sent me with Wikipedia. That misinformation crapsite has not been allowed to be used as a resource since 2001 in most high schools and universities nationwide. There's no way I'm trusting that thing to work if the person who made it uses Wikipedia. 

Who is making up these questions? Gosh they're daft.

>  I'd go to where the name Karen was created and stop it being created. I'd then tell people that in a few hundred years, people would create things called 'vaccines' and that people who call them dangerous should not be trusted or believed,  then go into the present and check if the term 'anti-vaxx' is still a thing.

>  Id buy stock in early stages of current day huge retailers while they just went public. 

Then I would go to the first Woodstock and the one in the 90's. 

Definatly see what Jesus was all about

When cloaked I would check out WW1 and WW2 to get a grasp of how shitty it was.

Id travel to the future to see if we are living like Star Trek or Star Wars, if not Id go back in time to set the wheels in motion to start Starfleet. 

Id go on dates with different people in different time periods and they would never find out about each other because they would be decades or centuries apart. 

Check out any culture that built stonehenge, pyrimids, aztec, easter island ect.

>  Go back to have a conversation with my young self at a time of a certain turning point for him.

Maybe he'd have a better shot at being happier.

And then totally drunkenly, fuck off to lead the best-worst life imaginable.
Wire-choke Hitler, protect Epstein in jail so he can talk, kill the cyber truck designer.. All that fun.

Kidding btw, I like the cyber truck.

>  Straight to the future to see if they’ve found a cure for blindness. 
Then straight back to the present to show my wife photos of everything she’s had to miss.

>  5 minutes ago to tell myself that chilly gives my diarrhoea.

>  I would push this button who chooses a topic by coincidence and travel to the first date I see on this page. And just having some fun with it I guess

>  1999, to stop the entire planet from celebrating the start of the 3rd millennium on the wrong year

>  I go to my friends house in 1 year to make sure she is alive and ok

>  Go back in time and delete wikipedia and use a book or another website

>  I'd literally stay in the machine forever since it provides everything you'd ever need.

>  I'd go grab Jesus about a week before the crucifixion, then bring him forward in time from that point by about 10 days, let him mingle a bit, then drop him off 4 days earlier at a restaurant.

>  To a camera shop. 

I'm going to build a massive portfolio of all different historic events. World leaders. World Wars. Disasters and Trumphs. Assassinations and even concerts. Catalogue landmark moments in time. People may not believe they are real but I'll know.

>  Go back to when all the major things happened in history, do some crazy shits so in every part of history they'll talk about the same crazy person

>  I'd go back on time and put some money in the Cubbies

>  Way the fuck into the future. Like, to the absolute height of human knowledge. Then, get a better version of Wikipedia.

>  I go back to the middle ages and predict things like solar eclipses,deaths,who will win a conflict and either be known as a future predicting psychic or a witch.


Or steal a bunch of stuff from various time periods and return to the present and become famous and get a world record for most ancient relics found or something

>  all the places of knowledge that were destroyed due to war and violence, such as ones destroyed during the roman empires time, as well as during the world wars.

>  Knowing my bladder, probably the bathroom.

>  About a year ago from today

>  The matter replicator is powerful enough, without even including the controlling of the 4d universe. With a matter replicator, I could generate as much energy as I needed to defy the laws of physics.

>  Newgrange on Easter Sunday around 5000 years ago. See what they were up to

>  Does it only go through time? Or is it also capable of moving around. i.e. TARDIS

>  I'm going to save Henry V's life, and then go back to 2019 to see what resulted from an Anglo-French union in the 1420's.

>  Man I've given this so much thought that I'm almost overwhelmed with the idea of what I would do

>  Too much to write out here, but most of what I would do would be slight alterations of events, to quote Futurama, "if you do things right people won't be sure you've done anything at all"  so say don't stop Hitler, but make sure key plans fall through by seemingly random chance, so people can get a rough idea of just how bad it could been if things had been just a bit different. Thus having as minor changes to History as possible, to avoid any major paradoxes, and ensure certain lessons that we have learned from the History we know are not missed or lost.

>  Throw in a kitchen and I'm pretty sure I wouldn't go anywhere. Time paradoxes aside, rent free is the way to be friend!

>  When Wikipedia wasn't even an idea yet and found Wikipedia myself

>  I'm sorry, matter replicator? I'd probably live the high Life here for a bit. There's lots I want to do. Then I'd jump into the future until humanity is either gone or achieved biological immortality. Then I get me some of that immortality. Then I do whatever the heck I want. See the sites, etc.

>  Can I bring other stuff with me?

>  I told my ex-girlfriend once when we were still together that if i ever had a time machine I would go back in time and throw handfuls of pennies, which I wouldn't even pick up off the street in present day, at homeless people because they would be like wtf this guy is an asshole but at least I can buy dinner or something. I've grown up since and know that this is wrong on many levels. BUT I would go back in time to when we were still together and ask her where she wants to go. And I would probably just give them homeless guys the pennies instead of throwing it at them.

>  Well if we can see our past self go to every time I fucked up and tell myself.... You're a dick...

>  Twenty years back in time so I can find my family and tell them "I'm your daughter from the future".

>  Go back in time, make myself kind of a country have kids, return to own time and be heir to throne

>  My first destination would be 2014. I want my old PC back even though it was apsolute shit. Then, I would like my old laptop back...it was a really good PC and I made my first video editing machine, all my videos was made in Movie Maker. Man, those were the days.

>  Travel back in time to historical tragic events, get seen by a bunch of people and cameras and become a new conspiracy theory

>  Back to this last friday when i and a college were alone at work and had some quality time :) and some hot stuff

>  Honesty, I would just go back to the 80’s / 90’s and throw money at stocks. I don’t know what consequences there would be for changing big events throughout history, but I know I could do some good moving forward.

>  680/681 AD to see the official establishment of Bulgaria and how exactly the people at the time looked and sounded like. Because there are HUGE misconceptions about the old Bolgars, their culture, religion and language.

>  West Texas in 1957 ... I want to observe my father as a college freshman with all of life's possibilities stretched out before him ... it was the beginning of the last decade of his life.

>  I would travel to the future buy the largest dildo and use the matter replicator go back to when sex rates were the highest and them sell them  , go to a time where gold was cheapest and buy them , then go to when gold is the most expensive and sell them , then go to the future to buy a PS69 just cuz, then go back in time and buy some old stuff and then go to the future to sell it.


Edit : just realized that currency does not work that way

>  I'm late but I'd go back and tell whoever invented Wikipedia to put ads on the site so I dont get emails asking to donate every day.

>  Go into the future and sell a signed copy of a book, should be worth a ton

>  I go back in time and invest in Apple, Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, and several others. 
Then I come back and retire rich.

Although I might go to the future to see what happens with humanity.

Maybe to the past and eat a dinosaur.

>  where would i need to go when i got all that shizzle?

except maybe a few years back to try out a better pick up line on that one hottie that got away

>  Id go back in time and take Einstein down the pub, I feel like I'd learn more from a conversation about special relativity over a few pints then I did in physics A level

>  I'd go back to before as many atrocities as I possibly could (there's too many to name) and stop them. That's it; there's nothing better I could ever spend my time doing or seeing than stopping any suffering I could.

>  So I basically have a fully functional TARDIS that I can live in... Well i would just do as you please when I feel not to mention traveling places would be so easy when you can just move the front door to anywhere in the universe in moments. Late to school? Just land in the class room or even better, go back in time a little and you would never be late! Not to mention you could completely make it impossible for anyone to call or reach you would that if you like solitude. Maybe I'll would take friends for a quick ride to show off but maybe not in case they tried to take my time machine. Unless it was super TARDIS and would just fly itself to me when most convenient.
In short, neat super convenient new home.

>  Teach my young self to play the guitar to win my crush.
https://youtu.be/iAUjt7KWp9A

>  I go back in time with modern weaponry and technology and unite the world with government regulated democracy or die trying.

>  I’d go back in time to give my pops a condom. Maybe go back even farther after that to talk his pops out of alcoholism before it killed him

>  If you traveled to the future would you get some gnarly diseases? Like superbugs that we currently haven’t built antibiotics for? And then going back in time have that effect on all other life?

>  Just go to ancient Babylonia, or Mesopotamia, then teach them as much as possible, giving locations of large iron, coal and other very valuable material, and try and see how far you can advance that one civilisation. Then one of two things:
- 1: If they seem ungrateful, nuke them to hide the fact the technology ever existed
- 2: If they seemed intelligent enough leave them with the secrets of atomic power and see how that ends up.

>  I'd change history by telling Abraham Lincoln that he shouldn't go to the theater. Wonder how much of todays and future history would be changed because of one action.

>  Everyone worried about changing the past, i'd be like "let's break this bitch".

Challenge Jesus to a fist fight, shoot him with a tranq pistol whether he fights or not. Jack off into the primordial ooze. Force cavemen to worship dogs, convince them that they are dogs themselves and must speak only in barks. Shit like that.

>  Go back far enough to wipe out humans, & Save the world!

>  I'd etch memes into cave walls to be found a 100 million years later just to fuck with recorded human history.

A cat doing jazz hands with laser propelled sharks flying overhead in space with 'send nudes' scrawled across a flag that princess Leia has draped across her body while laying at the feet of the cat.

>  What kind of time travel is it, like is it one where if I change the past it splits that time line, or is it one where everything you do fits into what already happened, or will shit just break if I stand in the wrong place? Also, if it's the first, assuming that I could access the previous timelines, could I play the universe like I play skyrim, just play through for a bit until I'm bored of the shit I've done and start from scratch, because then I'd get some SUUPER fucked future shit, kidnap the smartest minds throughout time and have them make me EVEN MORE fucked future shit, then I'd kill them and run the universe like a tyrant god. If not, then I'd dick around with it a bit until either I break the universe, or realize that it doesn't matter and go home, and probably masturbate with cup noodles and hentai.

>  I will go to back to the 2000's. Those were the times when computers were invented for the public, and they were actually easy to use. I want to relive that same experience of a new technology : computers again.

>  Hendrix's first show in London. Or the one when Clapton and Richards went together to see this new guy in town. Dream small at first!

>  Before Disney ruined star wars i would get a 100 dollar note (bill for you Americans) replicate it and not let disney buy it.

>  go to the very, VERY beginning of our planet.Everyone wants to see other civilizations and people and what they did.I just want to see our planet pure and untouched by humans. Imagine what sorts of crazy stuff was there that we dont even know about today. imagine all the crazy fauna and flora. I wont probably recognize it as Earth.

>  Back to that stupid thing I did 5 years ago that won’t let me sleep

>  I'd probably secure myself the time machine cause people or governments might want to steal it from me. After that I'd start time travelling, accomplishing ranges of things from small things, like playing video games and going back in time when I die/mess up repeat 'til I get to global leaderboards, to medium things like stealing billionaires' innovations like Microsoft or Google, or being a President, then to real huge things like going to other galaxies in the future or maybe discovering unknown stuff in the universe

Or maybe do the basic school stuff like taking more sleep and repeating tests 'til you get an A

>  Start a shitty, discovery channel like documentary of various parts of the world in past eras and upload it to youtube lmao. My disguises would be very cheap looking, as if I had bought them on Wish. My camera would be just my phone and it's kind of potato quality. I saw that there's no translator so I'd just try to stick to countries that speak a language I know--and even then, if I go too far back I probably wouldn't understand the language anyways due to how they evolve.

>  Well I wouldn’t go back in time. One thing changed or a couple of things changed would mean that the information I found in the current present might not be valid anymore, or I might even cease to exist.  I could however go into the future to bring knowledge back into the present as the past is already written (unless by some paradox if I went into the past something I did had to happen for the current present to exist).  
  
Time travel into the past either leads to events that will have to happen or have already happened even if I did go back to try and change anything.  And the future I would be directly responsible for with time travel shenanigans.  
  
Anything up to the point in time I came to possess time travel I would lose agency to change, for fear of demolishing what happened up to that point.  
  
You might not be able to change the past but you can always move forward and be a better person than what you are.

>  I'd go to New Orleans in the 60s or to see America before Columbus.

>  Head to the future and hope that at that point they will have a cure for cancer because of the side effect

>  Around to my mates

>  Rescue Jean-Luc Picard. It's clearly what I was meant to do given that kit.

>  I go fifty years to the future to update my wikipedia, download some sick movies and series and find a way to translate a fuckton of languages (I hope it's available in 2069), then I'd go back in time again to a few days before the death of important people of history. My idea is to talk to these people and maybe talk about how the future is cool and not like they expect, and that future people know they exist because they are so cool. My ideas are Aristotle, Leonardo daVinci, Van Gogh, Frida Khalo, Joane d'Arc and Albert Einstein.

I'd do this for a long time, and maybe also chill in urban areas or important historical events. Imagine that during Jesus' execution, storming of the Bastille and construction of the piramids, there would be a invisible time-traveller eating future food and watching closely.

EDIT: WAIT FUCK I JUST NOTICED IT. I'm probably the reason a lot of historical figures died. I just brought future germs and diseases to past humans who don't have the same immunities. FUCK, I KILLED ARISTOTLE, I'M SORRY DUDE

>  Going to warn Quintilius Varus about the German ambush awaiting his legions in Teutoburg Forest, hopefully allowing a Roman victory (or at least preventing a devastating defeat) and allowing Rome to extend its empire into Germania. Hopefully with a shortened border across Eastern Europe (instead of the entire length of the Rhine AND Danube), Rome would be able to endure the Volkerwanderung in the later centuries.

>  Go back in time to whoever was building the damn thing and tell them, "This is a mistake." And then wait and see what happens.

>  To various points in time to check if the history we learned nowadays is real. And to the time before written history. That'd be interesting.

>  Ancient Greece. I've already got a plan on how to colonize the Greeks and make Greece cooler.

First I'm half god but Hades stole my memories and my powers aren't like they were.

I go to important people at the time (cue Wikipedia) and ask them to help me. If they don't, I just get my Polaroid camera and take a picture of them. If they don't help they don't get their soul back and only I know how to free it.

I get someone to speak for me (my Greek would probably be shit) and I do some card tricks and use my airhorn a bit and I say that Athena and some other gods want a chance in the society of they gonna be mad.

Put gender equality in place, with the Wikipedia teach modern knowledge, build cool shit and a temple. Put a vertical binocular thinguie on temple.

Put extremely especific instructions in paper and give them to your spokesperson.

Go a few centuries in the future. Get marveled at all the things in your name, tell people to make immortality tech.

Go a few centuries in ten future to collect it.

Boom, now you're a god and got infinite rice pudding, without the sociopathic part. Yeah you could have the power taken out of your hand but you can only hope to make such a perfect Utopia that everyone will want to stay with you.

>  to go back to when the bible was being written and see if it's real or it's just this rando guy coming up with amazing stories and then start asking how the guy came up with them, or maybe kill hitler.... most likely that last one.... or I could go to a time when a show/book has finally come out even though it's been years since the last season/book

>  The day my mom passed away, so I could be there with her at the end. I was out of town at the time, and not being able to be there will haunt me for the rest of my life.

>  Go in to the future and steal the plans to build whatever the most powerful energy source and/or weapon we end up inventing is.  Take it back to various points in history and watch from space to see if they use it to improve humanity or destroy it.

>  Nowhere and just hid my ass from society.

>  Well. Doesn't matter where I go without a good glass wall and an oxygen generator. 
If I time travel without those I die before I Get the chance to do anything. 

So i guess I will use it as s collective item. Aye!

>  Every day unsolved murder so I can see who did it!

>  My time to shine! I’ve been working on my time travel plan for years!
1. 1980s to film my dad singing karaoke on a business trip to Japan 
2. Start my real estate empire by buying houses in big cities across the world
3. Stalk Jack the Ripper
4. Ask the Zodiac killer if his cyphers are just bullshit

It continues but this a main daydream of mine.

>  To the filming of early Dr Who episodes and make sure the BBC keep the recordings

>  Nowhere. I'd live happily and rent-free, and not have to constantly worry about making enough money to live off of anymore.

>  I would jump until it's saturday see if anyone won the lotto write down the numbers if no one won and jump back win the lotto then spend the next couple of weeks just planning when and where to go. One of the first stops would be woodstock then the same year watch Zeppelin live in my home country as up and coming rock stars. Then maybe watch kennedy be shot or being at cape canaveral when the man goes to the moon. Probably both.

>  I go back in time to make sure nothing too bad happens to me, I get rid of every embarrassing thing in any way possible (And I mean ANY way) 
I also would go back/forward in time to steal some money from random people (or anything useful I can find) 
Finally, I would go back in time to kill people that would abuse/bully me/anyone I like in the future

>  Is it possible to see before the Big Bang? Or would that cause irreversible damage somehow?

>  Deliver the smallpox vaccine to all the indigenous people of the Americas. I'd be really interested to see how history would be different had the Europeans not succeeded in their mass genocide.

>  I'm going back in time, create, Apple, McDonald's..... Then so long ppl!!!!!!

>  Considering just how many people there have been over the course of history that would have entirely changed the way the world looks if they hadn't done what they did, it might be fun to pick the name of an ancient ruler out of a hat, secretly kill him, then jump forward to 2019 and see what a single death changed.

Then again I'm 99% sure that's what happened to Alexander the great in our timeline, so it could be just as cool to prevent that from happening.

>  I'm from future. I came here.

>  Take valuables and survival stuff into the time machine goto the future learn as much as I can about time travel and use the matter replicator to get rich or bitcoin or something. Secretly control or governments from 1930-1940s onwards become a great world leader.

>  I would go to Andromeda to be the first to take photos of the galaxy.

>  Sleep until I'm well rested then go back in time to make up for the stuff I missed but now I'm actually well rested and the same goes for if I spend a lot of time on my phone. also I'd get into fights at school but it's all good cause I can rest up and just go back like it never happened

>  Im not sure if I’d ever want to actually interact with the past or intervene in past events unless I know I could come back to present reality. It’s hard to say I wouldn’t go back and stop Pearl Harbor, 9/11 or any other tragedies in the past but I don’t think I would because I would somehow fuck up the world more than it already is.

Probably messed up but I’d definitely make sure to witness the biggest and most important battles in history. Not just the Epic Rap Battles but all of them. It would be really interesting to see Pearl Harbor, Midway, Gettysburg, Thermopylae and so many others. Just get a bird’s eye view and eat some popcorn and be horrified at how terrible we are to one another.

JFK assassination would be up there too. Any of the unsolved or foggy mysteries in the past where suspected fuckery was going on. Gotta stop and figure out what the fuck actually happened.

>  I would go back to Pompeii when the volcano erupted, and try and save as many people as I can

>  I could go back and undo all the stupid shit I've ever said/done/all of the above. 

After that I'd probably use it to procrastinate and still get work done on time

>  Nowhere, time is immutable and a time machine would only allow you to experience history first hand, with no true say in the events that unfold.

If you went into the past, by fact, the events that unfold when you visited the past would have already played out and been determined. The act of arriving in the past creates a predefined loop that informs on the sequence of events afterwards that must lead to the future that enables that specific arrival. Any deviation that alters that would create a paradox that invalidates that timestream. If some action were to take place that alters history, that altered state becomes the new default and no one knows the difference afterwards regardless. Considering we don't have a history with all kinds of fantastical occurrences, I think it's safe to say that no time travel has ever been invented.

>  I would probably go back in time and learn the primitve humans how to control fire and agriculture things  than i would learn them English.After all of this things i would tell them that i am an immortal human .
Edit:  and i will tell them that i will come every 100 years to see their civilization and how they evolved.

>  Go back an hour to kill myself, because there's nothing more fun than causing a time paradox.

>  Go see the prophets of major religions and debunk them.

>  I would go back right before crimes were prevented and stop the criminals, not really my idea because Tom  Cruise already went back in time to stop crime or maybe I did do it and Tom Cruise played me in the movie.

>  I mean it can't traverse trough space so nowhere, I'd probably just sleep in it and replicate some stuff.

>  To the future, in five year increments, until I find the key to immortality on their wiki. Then I'd go back to simpler times and enjoy them.

>  Use it exclusively to travel and see now movies, shows, and play new games. Then create an online blog and claim to be the oracle of entertainment.

>  I’m not going anywhere unless you give me the ability to regenerate like 12 times. The universe is dangerous and I’m clumsy.

>  I would never ever go for this due to bounded up with it enormous ethical burden. Would you ever wage to confront all those problems of the entire human history? Shall you have the tool, you either go to the very beginning of the human history, to take the leadership, building a roburst system, and checking if everything goes well every other century, or you will end up as a tyrant playing god, mass murder, virginity taker a.s.o. 
Traveling to the future? If the guys, from the future had already corrected the history, we all would know it, but it seems they didn't, so it is no point to travel to those bastards, who are surely do not to dive into all cause and relation issues of those, who had already served their purpose.

>  I would go to Siberia 20000 years ago and give them smallpox. That way north america could not be conquered by the Europeans

>  I'd go forward in time in increasing increments until I reach an apocalypse or a fantastic future. If apocalypse I'll go back and try to stop it... 

If a fantastic future I'd barter for some important tech: micro fusion device (need unlimited energy too), an immortality potion (probably nanobots), and a nanobot swarm that I can control (used to mimic magic). Now I'm all set to live forever at various times in the timeline forever.

>  I'll go to the past when people only invented it, then I'll punch them in the face and steal the credit for inventing the time machine.

>  Go into the past and become and predict the moon cycles. Then predict events weeks before they happened. Kickstart technological advancement for immortality. Rule the world forever.

>  See how life first came/developed on earth.

>  I’d go back in time and build a massive high speed passenger rail network connecting all major cities in the US. Then return to a future of fast, easy travel.

>  Probably check the start of the universe and check different times

>  To the future of humanity so I could replicate our Mars space equipment and hopefully find out a way to restart the magnetic field on Mars.  Then back a couple million years in the past, to create a Mars with a strong enough magnetic field to sustain an atmosphere.  This would potentially give us a viable second planet and change our perspective on life.  If life begins there, and we knew there was life on the planet literally right next to us we may change our tune on how our society would operate. Hopefully for the better

>  This is some Doctor Who level fuckery. Love it

>  * Go to future acquire tech to download information and understanding to the human brain.
* Replicate aforementioned tech
* Find the first modern humans
* Use tech on humans.
* Introduce the best aspects of the modern world (renewable energy, vaccinations etc)
* Develop my ideal society
* Intervein when necessary to keep the course.

>  The future to see rick and morty season 9... if the machine moves in space as well, or I would get stuck in the middle of void space because my planet and galaxy moves and dont just sit still as the galaxy rotates and the universe expands.

>  I would go back to 1998 and take custody of myself. "I know myself better than anyone else" should be a good enough argument to win me the case. 

Then, I'll spend the rest of my life time traveling with my young self. I will show him dinosaurs, and ancient civilisations, as well as the future of humanity and the planet. It's gonna be the best childhood ever.

>  Back to the 16 the century. I want to visit Paris and Marseilles. They were sexual freaks back. Present time sexual activity can't touch the 16 the century.

>  Kill baby Hitler and then kill baby Stalin.

>  I would only use it to go back to November 17th, 1935.

The following day, November 18th, 1935, was the day that the Voya Corporate Leaders Trust Fund was established - in the midst of the Great Depression. The thinking behind it was that if the companies which constituted it could survive the Depression, they could survive anything.

The fund is still in operation today, and since 1976 has delivered compound annual growth of 11.56% - beating the S&P 500 in the same timeframe.

The matter replicator can be used to generate more money to use for investing into the fund, and I give myself a day to use it as much as possible. The cloaking device will be handy to ensure that thieves don't know where to go to get hold of any of the money too.

Then, on November 19th, 1935, once I've put into the fund as much as I can, I would return to the present and live off the distributions, which would be sizable given the 84 years that have passed since.

>  Well, I'd have to see if the Law Of Causality is true first. If not, I would go forward in time to find out when I die. Time travel would not stop me from aging after all. Then, I would travel back in time to a bunch of different era's, to the point that people started to think I was some kind of immortal god. When enough people knew of my existence, I'd challenge the entire world to a duel. Maybe I'd make up a reason, perhaps saying I was dissapointed in humanity and therefore wanted to fight it. There would be a catch, however: the year in which I'd say the battle would begin would be the year after I die. This would leave people searching for someone who no longer exists. Maybe they'd assume someone killed me, maybe they'd just think I dissapeared. It would lead to a grand mystery nonetheless.

>  I'd travel a decade or two into the future and watch all future seasons of Stranger Things, The Flash, Family Guy & The Simpsons and then travel back to the present and write down "theories" or predictions for those future seasons.

Also, I'd travel back to the early morning of September 27th, 1986 outside of Ljungby, Sweden to prevent Metallica's bus from rolling off the road, killing Cliff Burton in the process.

There are many things that I want to do with that machine, so the list is long.

>  I'll go back in time and kill the first human!, want to see what kind of ancestor paradox this would bring!,

>  This is silly.  Take a damn nap. Aren’t you exhausted.  Second Hitler probably. Take him away from wherever. I can’t kill it’s not my thing. So I will take him to a remote island and teach him Spanish or French and sign language. A bit of Albanian. I picked that up over the weekend. French. German. I know some of those. And the sciences. I think when he hits puberty I’ll keep him locked up. Then I will go to my other safe space and breed and raise cats.  I like them

>  Go 30 years in the future and watch all the new movies in the top 100 IMDB movie list.

>  Assuming when I travel back in time I get younger until I don't exist, id go back to 2006 the year after I was born and restart my life because right now I'm not happy where I am. Mom just lost custody of me and I'm living with my dad. I'm switching schools and  basically starting a new life

>  I go back and find the babies of the creators of the time machine and send them forward in time before they have the chance to create the time machine.

>  obviously where ever she takes me. more fun that way.

>  No where, I would just enjoy the luxury of having my own bedroom and bathroom, and will probably want to get on that TV show for small and weird houses. After I have fulfilled that, I would travel to all the landmarks to see how were they built and go 'sightseeing' alone. Then I will cross "travel somewhere alone" off my bucket list.

>  5 minuets in the future and keep this shit to myself. Probably sell some of it

>  - Library of Alexandria -> document everything before it burns down

- Institut fur Sexualwissenschaften -> steal all the books before it burns down

- Inca Empire -> introduce them to written language before the Spaniards arrive

- Kill Matt and trey before they make season 9 of south park

>  I would go back and answer every question I’m ever asked, but just before they ask it. For example ‘hey man do you kno-‘.    

‘11th September 2015 is when Super Mario Maker was made’.        

‘Wha-huh?’

You see?

>  I would steal a fighter jet and blow up a bunch of stuff and then I would go back in time so that my actions never happened

>  Idk, get a nice coat, gather some knowledge aboutbtime travelling, get a companion to go with me and visit other plantes. Imagine all the things you could see. 
Someone should make a TV show with this kind of concept...

>  I go back to 1991, find my mother and tell her not conceive me.

>  Get as back as it is needed to destroy the patriarchy. 
Repeat as needed in every century.

See what happened in 2019.

>  Back in time to 1980 to make some modest investments; nothing that would cause a stir.  I don't want to change the past.


Then 50 years in the future to buy all the science and history books I can find.


I don't want to change MY world's past.  But fuck future world's past.  Trying to change the future is what we all try to do.

>  I just travel endlessly through the void so that everyone leaves me alone

>  If you have all that, why do you need to go anywhere?  You're like Aladdin if he pimped his carpet ride.  

Imagine your Tinder profile... "Hi I am Tom.  I am giving away free diamonds for the first 100 matches."

>  Straight back to the cretatous period with an array of firearms and tasteing some dinosour and if its good that replicator comes in handy cuz thats when i come back to modern times and sell dino steaks and become a millionare

>  Go back in time to the birth of Adolf Hitler, prevent genocide. Come back to current time and see what impact this had on the world.

>  I’ve had a few beautiful moments/ days of my life. I would go back to live them though again.

>  I just stop time and get a full 8h of sleep every night. Then wake up and have 24h to myself. Hopefully ill find a way to de age myself along the way.

>  Go back and make sure all wars turn into nuclear wars.

>  Go back in time to 1 AD and develop a society that’s science-based than of the religion-based. I’ll call them the time lords (totally original idea). Then I’ll pop ahead every 1000 years to see its progress. If I don’t like what I see, I’ll just head back to the point where the society got quirky and fix it until I achieve the desired results.

>  ill just make some nembutal so i can fucking kill myself

>  The future for armor and weapons and then the past to fix some of the wrongs of mankind.

Now u all can butterfly effect the fuck out of me.  But i gots a time machine... unless i butterfly effect the machine into not existing... fuck this whole time travel thing is tough...

>  Because of the butterfly effect time travel is simply too dangerous. It is too hazardous to the current timeline. Even the smallest action when visiting the past could irreparably damage the future

>  I go to all the different points in time when successful companies were created and then I use the matter replicator to create money which I can use to invest in the companies. I would just use the matter replicator to make money anyway but it’s faster to just invest in successful companies and then go into the future to when the companies become successful.

>  to the past to fix all the shit that happened even if it means changing history

>  I go back to the 80s and meet my Grandfather before he dies. Never had a chance to see him alive and I only know him from 2 photos we have of him. I'd also warn my grandmother not to take the radiation therapy for her disease whilst pregnant so my uncle grows up as a normal person, and isn't stuck as a child in a wheelchair.

>  The void, bruh you think I wanna be around people?

>  If it takes 30 minutes to get there, I'll go forward in time 30 minutes.

>  I try investigate the future history of the guys that gave me the machine in an effort to stop them taking it back. I'd use wiki to try track their development from infancy and discover their motives. then dinosaurs or something.

>  Look for a mad man with a blue box

>  The year 2013. I'd introduce myself to my dad and get him to invest in Bitcoin with the promise of future commission for spilling that tea

>  Meet Cleopatra and find out if the stories about her are true (she wasn’t that pretty, she just gave incredible head).

Save a plant that the romans ate into extinction (as birth control.

Wander the streets of my hometown in its various stages/eras (Vindobona, Babenberger era, pre-siege, 1815, pre-WWI)

30-12-1999: Set plans in motion to end both Boris Johnson and Nigel Farage on Y2K.

>  Probably go back and try to turn Jesus gay. Imagine the parts of the Bible about “keep a clean colon.”

>  To the early days of bitcoin.

>  I assume this is a complete wikipedia with all articles that will ever be written for wikipedia, so I guess I'll check my wikipedia page and go where it says I go.

>  Go back time become a dev on modern warfare and actually lisin to the players 👌

>  I'll go back in past somewhere, change some significant event and come back to present to check its consequences.... Wait... We allowed to jump dimensions right??

>  To 1963 to buy the first Amazing Spider-Man comic book. I’d buy several. Bring them back to now in perfect condition and sell several but keep 2 for myself. Make millions on it! I’d probably buy more than the first one but that’s the money maker.

>  Win the biggest lottery of all time, buy every corvette.. all 8 generation.. get my ex love back and live happily ever after

>  I would like to go to the time my mom was a student in Ireland and get to know her and be with her then. For my whole life she was sick and a little bit depressed because of that and the situation at home, and I was really self involved and distant for some years because of some reasons. I think that I only had a year or 2 to get to know her while I was an adult and made a connection again. So I would like to meet her again when we would be at the same stage in life and see her happy and leaving her life to the fullest.

>  I’d go back in time and put giant lizard bones into the ground just to mess with people and make them think dinosaurs existed

>  I would do a bunch of research on the industrial revolution, go back to biblical times,make everybody think i was god, (hopefully they wouldnt think i was a witch or the devil) and give them really specific instructions on how to jump start the industrial revolution while keeping strict laws on how to reduce pollution. After this i would develope some fire arms and use the matter replicator to mass produce them. After this i would   form a small army in nazareth (sorry if i spelled it bad) and recruit more members on my way to conquer the ancient world (i would regulary go to the future and get anti aging treatments because if they saw me aging they wouldnt believe i was god). After many wars with an ocean of bloodshed, i would take the rest of the world and form a one world democratic government, under my control to prevent any future wars. I will allocate secret underground layers of clones that will wake up whenever the heartbeat and brainwave detecting bracelets that i got from the future tell the underground clone preserving machines tell the clones they can wake up after i have been dead for a day. This will make sure every body thinks im god because i keep coming back after "dying" (kinda like operation pheonix from rick and morty.) But i will just have some clones take my place in the ancient world by using the matter replicator on myself and stealing some technology from the future. I will then travel to 2019 where technology is 1000 years more advanced and we already colonized the solar system. Kill all my clones using plasma rifles. And take thier place, because if everybody thinks im immortal no one will try to kill me. I will then become an immortal president that will rule for the rest of his life, according to the political system i invented earlier, but little do you, the reader, actually know. I actually AM immortal because i went to the future and got someone to do an immortallity surgery on me by genetically engineering the immortal jelly fish immortallity genome that makes me immortal(by ingecging it into me) while using the cloaking device to disguise my self as someone else. And thus permanantly become the emperor of the solar system.

>  Someplace where they can give me a robot body that’s passable as human and then go right back to the beginning of the species and document literally everything in history

>  Take out magazine of Hitler’s gun and boom: crisis averted

>  I go back in time to just before the last Wikipedia edit and make the edit myself.  I repeat until all of Wikipedia is written by me.

>  I read this short story once where there was a time machine that took you back in time, but you stayed in the exact same location (coordinates wise) and this brat of a girl used it and ended up floating in space because X amount of years prior, Earth was not in that location in its revolution around the sun. What if that's a part of time travel?!

I would go back to meet my gramma when she was young. She was the shit.

>  i read a fun book a few years ago called "Off to be the wizard" that explored a similar premise:

The protagonist "discovers" a way to "hack" reality via his computer. He can even time travel via the hack.  Eventually he realizes his hacks will result in him being caught and so he decides the most likely thing to do is to time travel back to the middle ages and pose as a wizard.  When he gets there he finds others like himself that all had the same idea.  The book explores the opposite idea of back to the future where you actually meet, converse and hang out with other copies of yourself during time travel.

>  Tbh, I think I'd like to travel back to instances of genocide and oppression and kidnap, torture, then kill people who are responsible.

Would it have adverse effects on the timeline?  Sure.  But would I have fun doing it?  Indeed.

>  I want to be the mstyrios man who dicovers everything. America the cure for cacer and so on

>  Lame answer but I’d go back and fix my relationship

>  I start as far as Wikipedia goes back and and start fact checking everything and then I change everything to exactly what happened no matter how weird it gets

>  (I’m assuming if I go to the past and change something I can go back to my future)

Steel stuff from the future, patin  and sell it today, and become rich

Bring MLK jr, John Lennon, Abraham Lincoln, Gandhi, JFK, Elvis, Robin Williams and Joan Arch to the present the Day before they died.

Stop the Assassination of Frans Ferdinand just to see what would happen 

Bring back every dead Chinese person who ever lived give them weapons from the future and they will have a revolution in China after that I will be their king with Gandhi, JFK, Abraham Lincoln and MLK as my advisors. Then do the same thing wish Russia, North Korea, Cuba and the Middle East. Every night watch tomorrow’s day in fast forward to make sure I avoid any assassination attempts 

Start make a generation ship then I travel to the future when it is already finished then I take the ship farther into the future where earth is about to be uninhabitable, I take everyone and fly into space, on the ship I put every piece of Literature, Film, Video Game from the beginnings time to take off, I spend the rest of my days consuming the endless media that I missed if something goes wrong I go back in time and fix it

>  Well fuck idk make past humans modern

>  Go into the future learn how to replicate war robots then go back and take over the world and make myself god emperor

>  Getting a painting of myself made every 50 years from famous painters ,get them in one museum and then stand at the entrance and make the visitor be like "wut?"

>  Far a fucking way. I don't give a fart about exploring history or the future, I would take that time machine to a period before or after human civilization and chill my ass off away from all the problems in the world.

>  To before technology so I can be a God

>  Go back in time to the 1950s observe a handful of nuclear scientists from around the world who are ethical and not motivated by destruction or greed but by advancing humanity. Take them to the present day gather all the data and research we have on nuclear fusion and related materials to build reactors. Take them back to 1950s. Observe their progress then return to present to see how much the outcome of global warming has changed. Repeat as necessary until global warming is never a serious issue. To ensure that no wars or conflicts break out that could destroy the survival of the planet travel back in time from 1950 on to do the dirty work and send any potential problematic individuals to 1340 Europe to fight for their survival in the 2nd bubonic plague.

>  To see my aunt, spend time with her and let her know I love her one last time before she died. She was only a few miles away, about a week before her death, but a schedule clash meant we never got the opportunity to see her before she went home.

There's a lot to see and do in the great expanse of time, but I'd sleep easier silencing my regrets than silencing my wanderlust.

>  Go back to 1930, print money and buy stock.  Go to 1986, sell that stock and buy Microsoft at its IPO.  Come back to present and be really rich.

>  *I would take a chaotic s°°° in the bathroom (making sure to properly flush the bloody thing), then go back in time and slap Hitler real hard(as in knock his trousers off hard) on the face, go around to a few hundred years before Slaanesh was murderf°°°ed into existence and wipe out the entire Eldar race*

>  To the first time I got high so I could fuck with my past self.  Or go see the Grateful Dead. Or both at the same time.

>  Brahms spent 20 years composing his first symphony. I could go submit it to a publisher somewhere around year 18.

>  Go to when Hitler is still a painter and complement his painting and zoom him to the future to see what the effects of a second word war would look like.

>  Go to the start of everything. True point Zero, at the nothingness.

>  Go to the future and see if global warming is the cause of the world extinction and then i will truly know what will happen

>  I would go to the start of time and create a religion dedicated to a green duck called Perry?

>  Go to the future, get the best sustainable power technology.  Bring it to the times of Tesla and Ford, then replicate the shit out of it.

>  ...and this is how we discovered that the time machine simply kills it's owner everytime it travels in times and replace him with an identical copy via the matter replicator...

>  I would go to where the first human was evolved, and then travel to the future and have fun there.

>  Depends. What type of sci-fi rules are we following here? Like if I go back and kill Hitler, does that change that past? Or does it create a new timeline where Hitler survived the war?

Either way, I'd probably go back and rescue myself from a very shitty, abusive childhood.

>  I’m giving my 20 year old self a ground breaking device from the future to make some money.

>  I'd spend my days thwarting corrupt politicians and governments in the Americas. Latinos deserve better.

>   Cheery bunch

>  That would mean albama people can impregnate they family with itself ...

Pls dont

>  Why go anywhere?

Replicate a computer, a TV, and a bag of Maui's finest and sit tight for a while.

>  Go kill myself just before going to kill myself, and see how the multiverse deals with time travel paradoxes.

>  To the early 2000s so I could stop my brother from dying so young with advanced technology

>  To the future to see more baby yoda and know the new memes in store

>  to the pre deluvian culture to figure out what happened what was lost, was Saturn a sun as the old Greeks claim and was Tiamat a planet or a myth.

>  Appalachia in 1875, no idea why the year, but I love Dolly Parton so this seems logical for some reason

>  I’d want to go back to do something to stop the rise of the alt right and do something about climate change. But I don’t see how one person can make a difference. 

So... I’d probably get decision paralysis and do nothing.

>  To the start of my high school career and fix a few things I regret doing.

Then hand it off the the guy who wants to kill Hitler.

>  Bring a ds and give it to Hitler

>  Make the Pistons draft Wade or Melo

>  Late 1800’s America

>  Go to the individual that created Wikipedia before he did. Kill him. Then see how the world changes.

>  I’m not going anywhere. I’m just gonna live in my new invisible home where I can matter replicate whatever I want. Goodbye world!

>  I take all the cash I have and travel to the year 2010 where I invest it in Bitcoin. Around 2017, when btc peaks 20k usd I cash out

>  Go few minutes ahead of time and watch the most most up voted comment here and come back and post the same. Never got good number up votes for anything. Lol.

>  Put a piece of clothing from the future in the past n hopefully watch George Washington somehow become an eboy

>  Look for the BiGgest And Latest Lottery Win ever and buy that TiCket or use those numbers in the past.( I've never used a Lottery. ) Then get another win to show the news how it was the first time to show my Luck and subsequently get another Win...*Taps head*. Next buy Stocks that wiLL  increase MajorLy and have investments in AppLe, Facebook and Microsoft not bitcoin because that's a bit dumb. Then find the originaL creator of Doctor Who and let their imagination run wiLd ofc not teLLing them anything damaging my security

>  I go to the future to see if the kids in Africa have wells and if they don’t I go back with money I stole from a couple days in the future and start building. Then I go into an alternate timeline and kill al my enemies :)

>  Early human history. Spread as much of the basic scientific wikipedia knowledge as I could. Furthering human advancement by a couple thousand years. 

Assuming the time paradox issue is fixed by set unaltered future time lines.(aka time travel will have zero effect on the current timeline). Go back to the times "prophets"were alive and provide conclusive evidence of the bullshit of it all.

>  Making ideas for new meme in r/timetravelsteve aren't ya

>  I’m actually visiting today from the future. I’m trying to stop something horrible from happening today. If I fail, you’ll know. It’ll be all over the news. If I succeed, you’ll never believe me.

>  The german empire and generally europe during the 1900s before the great war. Must've been one of the most beautiful places ever

>  I was thinking about this yesterday. FIRST thing I do is go back and make sure Firefly doesn't get cancelled after 1 season.

There's a lot of bad things that happened but those things kinda lead to here. I'm not sure I wanna play with the time line all that much, but more Firefly probably wouldn't hurt anyone.

>  I would definitely go to the far future and become immortal

>  I would build own zoo of animal now are dead

>  When I had my first kiss and... more stuff. 

There's something about the first time that's... amazing? I guess...

>  Probably go to the bathroom, and don't flush. I want to see if it turns back into food when I time travel.

>  Dormamu, Ive come to bargain

>  Go back to when big advancements in music were achieved and achieve them myself

>  The future. Check out movies, video games, comics and dating life. Then probably settle in the nineties and do some stock market tomfoolery.

>  Go have a chat with Benjamin Franklin. Bet it’d be fun.

>  No where, if you were to go back in time you could kill people with the illnesses they don't have any vaccines for, and if you go forward in time the same thing happens only to you. Probably keep it in my garage for the next people to find after I move.

>  Anywhere i fucking want whenever. I'd go back to the beginning of religion and find all my answers to questions I didnt even know I had.

>  "John milksbooth, i know what your planning, *now put the gun down."*

>  I'd go back to 2008 and try to find a way to stop Heath Ledger from overdosing on his meds.

>  Go Back several thousand years, and inscribe the entire Navy seal copypasta in a cave

>  Make sure every horrible event that happened to mankind never happened and new horrible event will never happen

>  Go to the first Woodstock and try to get on the stage to play the first Rage album. Stir up some shit.

>  Go to the David vs Goliath fight and bet on David, then sell the money here for STONKS.

>  To the 1980s, when my parents were young adults in college.  When my mom used to go out to clubs, and my dad played in a band.  Somehow they still studied.  I want to know mainly what my mom was really like.  Does she have a past? She always portrayed herself to be a prude who didnt drink, smoke or go out with boys.  I am not sure I believe that anymore.  She's proven herself to be at best, an unreliable narrator, and at worst a pathological liar.

I dont really give a fuck about historical events.

>  Away.... far, far away.

>  First things first 
I'd visit all moments of my own life and remember stuff I probably haven't thought about in a long time

If I can change the past then probably nudge my past self into a new direction at certain points 
Get around roadblocks in my life that still affect me now

>  Id go back to every time i couldn't think of a quick enough comeback

>  A couple of places.

1. To the future to see if we have a Golden Age of Tech take that and come back to modern time.
2. Develop said tech to establish a much earlier golden age and completely keep it out of the hands of the government.
3. To see if I can find Jean Lafitte's treasure (that baytown hoax is bullshit) dude left it in Barataria bay.

>  go forward 2 years to see who the president is and bet my entire life savings on it

>  So a tardis? 
Imma go observe the past and than try to change the future since i want some cool things to happen and for people not to forget about me

>  As far in the future as possible so Wikipedia updates with all the information anyone could possibly need.

>  Not sure, maybe I’ll change where I’ll go

>  Last summer in the movie theater to tell my past self to not tell the guy "your too" after he says "enjoy the movie"

>  Kill whoever made the time machine before it was created.

>  i go back a year and tell myself to go to a retinal specialist asap instead of listening to three doctors tell me it's "Allergies" "Anxiety" "We'll switch your meds" "Take some allergy pills, use this nasal spray" "it's your sinus pressure" "Calm down"

I would tell myself i'm chancing eye damage and possibly macular degeneration before seeing those curving lines.

>  I’d go watch the Dallas Cowboys win their 5 Super Bowls because idk if I’ll ever get to see that in my lifetime

>  First, I’d set the device to pause time outside so I can catch up on some sleep. 

Then I check the mega millions numbers for the most recent big payday with no winners, jot down those numbers and go back to buy a ticket. I know.... I know.... I have a time machine, so money seems almost unnecessary, but it’s an easy thing to do so might as well just get that checked off the list. 

Then, after I have that ticket, I might go forward in time to see what the world might look like for my kid. If she seems to have a nice future, I don’t do anything further. Wouldn’t want to mess that up. But if her future isn’t great, I change things and keep checking until I get her a future that is good for her.

>  I would probably go back and shoot osama and do 9/11 myself /s

>  Volunteer as an assistant to Rosalind Franklin, so I can watch her work. Tell her to pay attention to any abdominal pain or signs of cancer really early on so that she can have her ovaries removed and survive.
Also do the same with my current advisor, so she can have HER benign abdominal tumors removed early and not have to undergo surgery so late in life.

>  Go back in time beat my self up while beating in the mentality of "just fucking go ahead and do it you pussy". Then go even further back in time and remove Hitlers last nut, making him nutless, maybe beat him a bit because he was a cunt

>  The future see the final days of Earth

>  Go into the room where bill gates registered his credit card then somehow copy it and see him using the pin, memorize it and use it because he won’t knowtice

>  Go forward in time to next week and read one piece

>  A time machine would be useless if it also doesn't give you the ability to travel laterally anywhere across the surface. I'd probably just be stuck in a swamp somewhere and die of malaria.

>  I would go to Charlemagne, give him Ar-15s, and let him conquer Europe

>  Early 2016 to smack the DNC upside they head while there's still time.

>  I'd go to just before the Qur'an was written, then tell the prophet Muhammad about modern society, upgrading Shari'ah Law to fit modern standards. I'd also mention stuff like climate change and renewable energy to prevent the evils of the modern world repeating themselves.

>  To see the Harry Potter movies all again duh :3 
# drarrysquad 

But I’d also go back to the gud old vine days

>  Seduce a really important man, like a king or something and have his baby

>  I'd go bet on the biggest sporting event upsets of all time, get rich at and then come back to my life now and just be a rich asshole the rest of my life......I'm selfish

>  I would go back to May of 2017 and tell myself to just stay friends with "her" because you'll find out you've never felt emptiness like this before.  Two years later you'll still be wondering what happened.

>  500 years into the future to observe the long term impact of the singularity, and if humans are around, what gene editing has done for us.

>  I'd go back to the times and places from where Europeans journeyed out to colonise the world and sink those ships somehow. This is because I've always wondered how the colonised countries would have developed if they had been left to their own devices.

>  Go back five minutes and convince my past self not to go back in time. Pre-empt the inevitable.

>  To the day i was conceived. You know the rest.

>  I go back to 1968, steal my newborn self from my abusive parents, and raise him better than they did.

>  Well, I obviously can't go anytime in the past or the future where I'm alive, or a paradox could happen. So I would probably try to go in the past, to solve some of history's most questioned mysteries. I can't do anything to change big events, so say if I were to trying to stop JFK death. I would need the cloaking device. If anyone were to see me, I would be famous for stopping JFK's death. Which in the future, JFK would still be alive, for which he might change something Political Or Economic, creating a big paradox. The bedroom, bathroom and matter replicator is a problem. If you were in the past and had these. These things would look futuristic to them. They would freak out. Therefore, creating a paradox if possible. Maybe even ripping the fabric of time itself. You would also not be able to use Wiki in the past or future. In the future it could be outdated. In the past some things might not have happened yet that are in Wiki. A lot of things can go wrong while going to the past or future. You might see something in the future you're not supposed to, such as if you made the IPhone 66 Pro in the future. You might think someone else made it, then you'll never invent it.

>  Probably make myself rich in some way

>  to the future to see what movies/games have come out. the first thing i would probably check is how cyberpunk 2077 was received and matter replicate a computer to play it.

>  I would go back to tell my dad to get a cancer diagnosis early

>  I’d go back make myself head of admissions at the art school Hitler applied to and accept him. Then I’d fuck with Gavrilio Principe (guy who killed Ferdinand to start WW1). Then I’d go back and document lost cultures and artifacts. I’d bring someone to teach the people in the Middle Ages modern sanitation techniques and penicillin. Also I’d take a sample of what caused the Plague to see what it actually is.

>  Bring as many books, research and other physic stuff that we have learn since Einstein death then return to 1920 and show it to him so he can start from 100 years ahead.

>  To when the Earth is being swallowed by the Sun just to feel the burning.

>  I'd go to me 4 years ago and ask him what the fuck he was thinking that he just scratched his balls against a metal door. I was 9 btw.

>  Ok. Well, for starters, I would figure out how the machine works. Is it like back to the future or avengers endgame? If it’s like back to the future, I would go just one year back and test out how my effects effect the world. 

Doing so, I can get some money betting on sports (getting the stats from Wikipedia). Once I have a good couple grand, I’d go back to my time, and look up my name. I’d be under one of the greatest betters, and put down as one of the luckiest people in the world. 

There is one conspiracy theory that I’m from the future. I go to these theorists, and tell them that they are correct, but that they couldn’t tell anyone because I need to tell someone eventually, and Larry and bob seem like nice guys. 

Now that I know how I can impact the world around me, I go back to the 90’s, and with my money, be the richest person on the block. 

I’d adopt kids who come to my house for cookies. Yeah, I can make a mean cookie. But the cookies have mind control nanobites that I got from the future. 

Now I have riches and an army that people would be biased against. I’d go back to the civil war period and use my army of children and my cookies to gain equal rights for everyone, taking MLKJ out of the pic (sorry dude). 

Then, with the gained trust of the people, they would eat my mind control nanobite cookies, and now I’d have an army of grownups. 

I’d take all the kids back to the 90s, convincing them that this was all a dream. They would be called silly by their parents in the morning. 

With my army, I would go the the future, when the kids are grownups, because i don’t have any more nanobites and haven’t found the time to pop that far into the future. Now my army has doubled, but it’s not enough. 

I travel further, to the time when those children have children, and those children are adults. I’d gain double the army, because the bites are genetic. Duh. 

I could keep going, but to prevent intergalactic wars that last forever with mind controlled citizens, the chip wears off after every third generation. 

There were many complaints about this law, especially by the lizard, who for that time period was about a week earth time (standard after we won a war). So grandchildren are a no. However, I still have the children. 

So, with my army all under mind control, I go all the way back to Ancient China and challenge the emperor, using Wikipedia to find out their battle strategy’s and the size of their army’s. 

I defat him, and now have a empire and an army that’s loyal for life. I rule it for centuries, popping through time to grab de-again potions from the future. I also destroy threats before they even occur. 

My rule gets challenged, and I lose the throne. With most of my army defeated, and my head hung in shame, I travel back to my time. 

I have gone down in history as an insane dictator, who would often lock themselves away in their room for hours (these periods where when I was traveling). 

I’m known for solving civil rights, but the whole kidnapping for my army thing created a buzz too. Theories span from aliens to Nazis. 

The 90s children who were adults at some point but also children but their stories in Reddit and tumblr, and are one of the main reasons there is a theory on a flat earth. 

The children did grow up, their childhood effected little by this event, only noting their strangeness when questioned. They all remember a strange traveler with a ship and some mean cookies, but could never find them (except, of course, when I would take them later in their lifetime).

The adult children all disappeared, and although I returned the survivors to their time with a lot of money, there were still children who never came home. Adult children children who were never born. I go further to the future, to see my effects.

 Three generations of people with gaps in their memories, each time only about half showing back up, with the other half disappearing forever, there bodies now skeletons in Ancient China. It is one of the greatest conspiracy’s ever, with only one channel linking it back to the emperor with the iron dictatorship. 

Bob and Larry.

I go back to them, telling them all about my adventures. We have a few beers. My this point, I am old. I know my time is almost up. Literally, as I traveled to this year and shot an old me as they sat on a porch with two other people.

>  Go back in time, invest in literally every medicine conglomerate I can think of, own everything, try  to cure cancer or at least invest in easily accessible cancer management, warn my father (incognito) that he has one so he won't die and I won't be fatherless at 13 years old. 

I miss my dad so much.

>  Hunt down the redditor who first responded to a gift of gold with "thanks for the gold kind stranger!" and snuff them out before they can start one of the most annoying trends on the internet.

>  When the first human was created so I could kill em and stop global warming

>  1. Go to wallstreet in the mid 30s and buy all the stocks I can for pennys on the dollar

2. go to 1946 and sell all of those stocks

3. Put all the money made from those stocks onto a good savings account

4. Go back to the present and become a multi millionare.

5. Buy 1 large popcorn at the movie theater

>  Find immortality in the future, find a pure desert planet and do [this](https://www.xkcd.com/505/) for a while. Minus the figuring out the math bit, I’d just look that up on the future internet.

>  Teach the athenians how to use an ak-47 to save the great library from burning down due to a barbarian attack which began the dark ages... I could be living on another planet right now but I'm not even going to be able to experience full dive VR in my lifetime

>  Earth moves through space at a very high speed. If you went back in time by 1 year, you would be in space. So my answer is nowhere.

>  I would help Robert Wadlow with his infected leg in the 1940's. i just want to see how tall the dude would get.

>  I think I would buy vintage money, travel back to the date of an unlikely sports outcome, gamble, then use my I’ll gotten gains to buy soon to be valuable items like memorabilia, wine bottles, art, etc. come back to my current time and sell these items at auction or in my own online store. 

Two things I think I will need are a safe deposit vault under the name of a company I would start or perhaps my own bank or insurance company. Secondly, using the in house attny I would also establish a relationship with a Swiss bank and start a small investment fund. Making long term investments in companies like east India and standard oil, and eventually southwestern bell, aol, google et all. 

I would then buy as much property during the housing crises as possible. Then in 2011 I would mine btc, participate in the world computer ico, and cash out in December 2017. 

Now that I am sitting on trillions (both liquid and locked up) and the influence that comes with that; I would lobby southern and mid western states to allow me to start an energy company. I would then personally subsidize the building of solar, wind and wave generation electric farms, offering land owners free electricity for use of their roofs and land. This will eventually price out all existing energy companies forcing them to merge with my monolith. 

Now that I have created an effective monopoly on power, I will offer free electricity to any city that will build vertical farms with the express purpose of solving local hunger. I would also ask these cities to build out respectable public housing and free vocational schools.

Having fed and housed the good people of America, I would create the the countries first not for profit lending company. At cost loans for students and small biz owners. 

Finally, in early 2019 I would announce myself as an independent challenger for the presidency of the us. I’m fairly confident given my universal magnanimity that I would be popular in both red and blue states. Hopefully my victory will break up the 2 party system. Once in office my main policy objectives would be cleaning up the corporate tax code, establishing a consumption + flat tax system, implementing a single payer type universal healthcare system and instituting a semi meritocratic system for government workers. Ineffectual workers, troglodyte judges, Congress people, and federal employees will no longer hold their positions for life by law.

Finally, I would abolish the penny and create the 2 cents coin. Obviously I would have my face on the coin, because that’s just my two cents...

>  Probably someplace where I can get reading material I can trust...

>  Go to the future to get a cure for cancer, then go back and save my grandma from dying.

>  I would probably realize that any "real" time machine would also be a spacecraft, thus, just spend my time traveling the cosmos looking for other civilizations...seeing as I would literally have all the time in the universe to do so...First stop, Mars....Gotta go back in time and see how it was back when it had oceans or whatever.

>  Would love to see if Catherine of Aragon was telling the truth about never consummating her marriage for Prince Arthur (brother of Henry VIII who married her after his brother died. The history of England and Europe was affected hugely by Henry breaking away from the Catholic church in order to have their marriage annulled as it was incestuous. Catherine was extremely pious and insisted to her deathbed that she was a virgin when she married Henry. But it does sound rather unlikely. I suppose Henry may well have found another excuse to have the marriage annulled eventually, as he was desperate to marry Ann Boleyn. I've been fascinated by this since I studied it at school and would love to know for sure! Actually, using a time machine to hide in a couple of teenagers' bedroom and spy on them is a tad creepy...

>  I go back and kill OP for two reasons:

1. ***No witnesses***.

2. OP is clearly either a throwaway, or more likely a karma farming account due to the nature of the question. That shit is fuckin trash dog.

>  I would go back in time and kill the guy who invented the time machine.  I’ve always wondered how time paradoxes would work

>  I would go back in time with modern medicine help cure easy diseases, people would think I was a god which i would tell them I'm the son of god. A angel put me in my mothers stomach. Die a horrible death but be remembered by everyone

>  Just slow it down, I'll shoot Hitler out the window.

>  Help some poor kid in art class so he can become a great person
Then
Dress as a life gaurd on a beach warning thid guy about sting rays

>  First I go back to Vietnam war era. get a kilo of blue magic, do H for like a year, then go back and stop myself from doing that with lotto numbers to give to myself. then go back before playboy started, befriend Hugh Heffner, make a large investment with him to become 50/50 partners. spend the next few years in the playboy mansion with Hugh and the girls, In the midst of which I traveled to a time when Pablo Escobar was busted for a huge amount of product and stop the seizure in exchange for 10 kilos which I bring back to the playboy mansion. And finally quitting all substance abuse retire in the 80s in long island, probably the Hamptons, with Eva Mendes as my wife using the matter replicator.

Edit: "BAMM!!!"

>  I would travel to the future. I want to see what happens. I would travel far into the future. Starting first around 50-100 years from now all the way to millions of years from now. (Carefully though because I don’t want to step out into some meteor destroyed hellscape.)

>  Help out Nazis with their inhuman experiments on cold and loss of counciousness, new efforts show it could save lives in heavy accidents if you can replace blood with cold saline.

Help out communists with their blood pumping experiments and keeping dog heads and human heads alive, it created the first emergency devices we have now in ERs everywhere.

Help US army push for Thorium molten salt reactors instead of light water ones, apparently there was some political games played around Nixon's time.

Help beat the shit out of the Chernobyl guys that went ahead with the experiment in spite of al the issues. Imagine the PR nuclear lost on that one, though it might prolong the USSR lifetime.

>  Go? Fuck that, I'm not going anywhere in time. Time is no thing to be mucking about with, but a rent-free invisible home that can synthesize anything I could ever need? I'm moving back to my hometown and living like a god damn king.

>  I would go to 1 second ago

>  Hold up all, screw messing around, we have a matter replicator! *Pushes up glasses* There's plenty better ways to do this, but if it's name implies what I think, it's creating matter out of nothing right (ref: Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs)? So find something metal and preferably extremely useful if we have a bunch, replicate it on loop, put the replicator high in the air, and set up some coils for it to fall through, generate energy, stop global climate change, and then go solve the rest of the world's problems now that we have free, unlimited energy!

>  Just go back and forth in time, and act as a person who can see and change the future and past of people, but for a price.

>  I just want to follow jack Churchill around guy lived an interesting life.

>  France, Paris, 1737...

>  To the future, where money isn't a thing anymore and mankind reaches its peak

>  To see the first human in earth. If we evolved then the first fully evolved human closer to current version of us to tell him to not have fax.

>  I'm not sure how, but if could go back to whatever time period and bring a loch Ness monster to loch Ness, I'd do that. I apologise for not knowing the name of the dinosaur.

>  Mars about 3 billion years ago. I wanna see if its indeed a dead planet or just one that never lived.

>  1) go back in time and talk to my younger self, telling him how to live a better life than i did
2)go to steven hawking's time traveller's party 
3) since i can travel trough time and space i whould explore every place in the universe at every time possible, becoming a superior entity that is everywhere and everywhen 
4) erase the human race before they discover the ultimate form of power and accidentaly destroying the universe and all life to ever exist

>  I'd probably go into the far future to see if humanity has developed immortality tech first. Then, I'd also pick up a version of google translate that doesn't suck and has 100% accuracy. I'd then take a bunch of gold, machinery, and basic resources to go even further into the future, where no life, or at least very little, exists, and build up massive paradise lands, with endless food and space and luxury. After that, I'd go back to the time that the total population of humans was approximately 1,000, and give them all a tracker that self replicates into the host's children, which alerts me of the exact time and date of any one person's death. I'd then pick up a bunch of sci-fi weapons that are there, plasma guns, handheld rail guns, ion blasters, you know, the works. Then I'd give them old wierd names respective to a god's name, athena's spear or sheava's strike or something, then I'd give them to the religion they belong to. I imagine that would make them think their religion is real and start trying to expand it more aggressively, maybe even start some holy wars. Pretty much, at the moment of each person's death, I'd come and get them, use future tech to deage or age them into a young adult, like 21 or so, then give them immortality and try to lock them in at that age. I'd take them to a heaven in the far future that I previously mentioned, but respective to their original religion. I'd tell them the truth about everything, that their religion was a lie and was executed for some guy's entertainment. Now everyone would live in paradise at the end of time, and I would get a kick out of being immortal.

>  Back to 1983 to keep my parents from making a horrible horrible mistake

>  Give the people of 1500AD my cum and make them think it is juice of immortality

>  Go to where we first think humans were born. Destroy us.

>  Would go back start a bank account let it grow interest. Boom I’m rich.

>  Time travel to back to when this post was made and where it was made and go the the person’s computer/device that it was made on and when their typing this I’ll go up to their device and delete it. Like nothing ever happened.

>  I would go back to when cars were like $100 and then bring it back with me

>  I go super far in the future and exchange my weak fleshy body for whatever form of immortality they've developed

>  I'm going to replicate gold bar and sold it in year 2070

>  I'd go back to when bitcoin was first introduced, and buy a lot. Go back to when it peaked, and sell all of it. Then I use my money to buy more bitcoin in the past, etc. Rinse and repeat

>  January 30, 1933 in Germany, the rest is **history**

>  I go back to whenever the first time I could understand "old English" or whenever they could understand me, use the matter replicator to give out tons of medical and science tech, then come back and see how the world has changed. If it's bad, I go back and tell me to stop.

>  Probably Whitby.  It’s lovely there.   After a nice weekend I’d head back to Biblical times and hang out with Jezza and his posse picking up some party people.

>  I'm going to establish myself as a really old man made of many human souls combined into one, try to interupt religious events in the past only to be made that religions icon, carefully dick around in technology to help humanity achieve space travel, travel on a rocket to a far off planet, then come back home and start building some sons who then have their own sons, and finally end up on a throne after my son rebels against me because I'm a terrible father

>  I’d go back through time destroying all religions at their start.  It’s the only thing hold back humans from being so much better.

>  I’d go hangout with tesla and see how he really died and see what his blueprints said. I’d probably wanna take over medieval castles with an m4 too. Id bring lots of weed wherever i go and light people up. With the weed not m4

>  Is stop myself from doing or saying embarrassing things that will come back and haunt me when I’m trying to sleep 

And also go back to WWll to see if hitler really did die or if he escaped somewhere

>  hmm I would, first, look to see if there is more effective medication for my severe Obsessive Compulsive Disorder that's made my life hell for what's now years so I would really love being less mentally shit, then if I could improve well, I could actually do more. Then maybe just go to the future and get awesome tools and stuff to help me.

So the past is obviously full of stupid idiotic shit, as is the present, of course. I would really like to improve it if I can. If I could aid stop racism/sexism/homophobia/and like all the crap people can be, I would want to bring attention to thus and hopefully if I can help make this shit illegal & less common as early as possible.

I definitely would want to end some of the stupid crap done to people with mental illnesses in the past. Replicating different modern medications  could help the world a ton. If we could bring vaccines and stuff to the past that would be awesome too, imagine if doctors weren't basically useless and more likely to kill you than help you for centuries.

For entertainment probably I'd just go to thhe future and get a future tablet or whatever is the equivalent to read about how the future is and figure out the future of musicians  I love (For example I really hope this um japanese rock band called BAND-MAID [which is wayyy better than it sounds, and is hecka talented] gets the recognition it deserves!) Also hell yeah I'd buy front row tickets to lives of bands that I enjoy, along with their future albums.

Next I'd check out how awesome future video games are, and buy all that interest me :) and download future updates from the near future of videogames I currently play, god i'd love to see how much more becomes added to Stardew Valley  in a few more years. 

And also I'd look for the like 100+ unfinished webcomics I currently read to binge read them finished, giving me like weeks and weeks at least of awesome content.

>  To the past, to collect a bunch of stuff as mementos, like the first coca-cola for example.  
Or to the future, and check how screwed we are.

>  Go back in time and create real mythical beasts that will 100% decompose in centuries so the myths were true but there won't ever be evidence

>  I wouldn't use the time machine to travel through time, I would just use the matter replicator to create art, and then sell them (assuming that the on board computer can assist with creating art).

>  I’d go to every Game 7

>  Replicate matter replicators. Travel to ancient times. Give Neanderthals a huge boost so they become the apex human species. (They were nicer and smarter.) Jump through time for several generations to give them agriculture (replicated seeds), industry, and republics. Their smaller population means less impact of industrialization. They will rule the galaxy!

>  Go back in time and invent things before other people. EZ

>  2009, I want to buy some stock in Amazon.

Then to the future. I want to check my obituary, and make sure I never go to the place I died.

>  Back 5 years to make everything right with her.

>  I would go back to when I was in elementary school and become the school counselor. I would let my younger self know that everything would be okay. Then I would report my father for his crimes against children.

>  I would go to December 2020 to watch new seasons of my favourite Netflix serials

>  Probably to a Walmart to get a bunch of shit to replicate on the trip

>  First ask if the time machine is localized like the time machine in h.g. wells book.

But otherwise, whirlwind adventures throughout time to key historical points as well as events that are of interest with me. Grabbing souvenirs everytime.

Think a mix of Doc Brown at the end of BttF3 and the Doctor from Galifrey.

Probably settle in another time though. Modern times suck.

>  I'd go back 2000 years and kill Jesus before the whole religion  hype could start

>  Go to ancient China to meet Gen Tso and convince him to give me his chicken recipe.

>  To the future where they find out about end of the world.I travel back into the past and start protesting against climate change.Plot twist when Greta asks me about where to find extra fuel for her time machine

>  List of things to do:
- Assassinate Hitler during WWI
- Deliver information about climate change and clean energy to the greatest influential minds throughout time. Franklin, Edison, Tesla, Einstein, etc. Also world leaders (Kings, Napoleon, Mao, Lenin, Stalin, Marks, Ghandi, Foundinf Fathers, etc) at an early age, so they would institute restrictions on harmful forms while waiting for clean technology to arrive. 
- I wouldn't try to cure things before their time or stop the plague. Introducing medicine too early would lead to greater populations and new problems.
- Slave trade is a tough one. It would be best to go back and sink trader ships as they were bound for Africa. What does this do to the future of Western civilization? The least I could do is produce large amounts gold and diamonds as reparations that would be distributed once the Civil War was over. Giving the Black population all the income in the South. They would lead reconstruction and politically control the former Confederate states. 🤷🏻‍♂️
- Find out who murdered Jeffrey Epstein

>  I just wanna do historical documentaries with actual footage instead of dramatic recreations.

Cesar’s assassination, Jesus’ crucifixion, the invention of “I can’t believe it’s not butter”. You know, the important stuff.

>  Your birth so I could shoot you

>  I go straight the night of Madeleine McCann kidnap and solve the mystery once and for all. In fact scrap that, I setup shop in the bedroom and matter replicate some pizza and I have a massive documentary/conspiracy binge on netlfix, the next day I take the time machine to each location and solve the mysteries of each and every one, bob lazar, Madeleine maccan, oscar Pistorius, Hitler suicide and all the rest. Easy as that

>  I'd find a partner who could help me repair the time line, fight off evil robots, and call me the Doctor

>  Go to the past and create an alternate timeline where I’m a god

>  I ask out my crush, if I get rejected just go back to 10 minutes ago

>  Every Metallica show in history.

>  First.  Travel back to the week before the library of Alexandria is burned. Warn the scholars so they can begin moving the books/scrolls.  Replicate dummy scrolls to avoid suspicion.

Maybe even arm them with hundreds of fire extinguishers in case they aren't able to move them all in a week. 

Then, use Wikipedia to find a language still spoken today that was common then, and seed the library with the totality of human knowledge as it relates to science and industry. Written in that language. 

Travel around the world and seed the same cache of knowledge at every library I can find. 

Second, matter replicate tons of seed stock of modern drought hardy cereals with higher nutritional yields.  Wheat, rice, corn etc. 

Distribute to every people on the planet that are tilling the earth.

>  Go back in time find endangered species,catchem and preserve them like the collector 

Make sure prostitution is legal everywhere too

>  Bring a bunch of people from the past for a history class presentation

>  Go back to the day I met my ex wife, and keep on walking. Then blow that goddamn machine to hell.

>  1. Stop Ernest hemingway from killing himself
2. Stop Steve Irwin from dying
3. Make capcom make X and Zero be gay lovers
4. Stop capcom from cancelling megaman X DiVE
5. Go to the future and make sure protoman and megaman are built
6. After making sure the X games are set in stone to happen make sure zero is released and kills everyone so keji inafune wrong, then put zero back.
7. Make sure lumine never goes maverick and have him marry axl

Boom, my headcanons have been set in stone and you cant undo them

>  About two years ago to fuck my ex girlfriend.

>  I would go back in time to the year I skipped school and wait for the day that I actually do it.  I would leave a note for myself to not run when he saw me.  I would sit down with myself and talk to him about his life.  I would make him a better person by letting him know things will be ok, but he did have to stop doing one thing that hurts him in life.  I would also give him a paper letting him know how to avoid it and what he can look forward to in his future.

I know I would sadly change many peoples futures, but my future was not my own …. I lived it and had many joys, but I didnt get to enjoy things fully on my terms.  I had to suffer years without work and be at my lowest point just to survive and it drove me to do a lot of dumbshit and I even pushed away people that would have been good in my life.

I love my kids, but I should have had a life in order for everyone to have one.

>  Go back to become best friends with Diogenes so that when the time comes, I get to be the guy that holds the chicken while Diogenes makes Plato feel like an idiot.

>  -13.5 billion B.C.  Gonna find out how this all started.

>  Grab a copy of any lost media people still find interest in (lost films in particular)

Claim you found them all in a basement somewhere and sell them.

Not only did I finally gave closure to people looking for them but I also make a shitton of cash. Perfect.

>  i'd fuck around and give the romans pistols to see if they either learn how to make them or fuck with modern archaeologists

>  to the store for some coffee

>  I'd go back to the 7th day and impregnate Eve while God was sleeping.

>  Go forward until I can buy an immortality pill and a customize-your-body machine, bring them back, share them with all of my family and friends.

Then learn Italian, go back in time, and hit on Da Vinci.

>  To all the battlefields of the World Wars,

kick back,relax,and enjoy the show

>  USSR to prevent Stalin from expelling Trocki from the country. The things would have gone much different. Maybe the USSR would still be here?

>  Time travel to whenever the current book/light novel/anime series I'm reading/watching is finished. Nothing can stop my binging now! 

Would also be cool to open a bookstore and use the matter replicator to never run out of products.

>  I would go to around the early 1900, around when the WSPU and the NUWSS was around to see what it was like and to truely understand and it all sounds quite fun? But also go to when Emily Davison dies to see what truely happened, like did she really wnat to kill herself and become a martyr or if it was purely a accident. I think that would be really cool and could change history and what people thought of the suffragettes. I dont know, would you?

>  Early 60’s and take part of the hippy culture.  It sounded fun and I hate my job

>  Go back about 2 years ago. Make sure my relationship starts right. Do everything right. Avoid all complications. 

Ace my A-levels and then just live a happy life. Marry the girl I loved. Just...

Something better than this.

>  First I'll do some tests to see whether altering the past messes up the present.

If not, I'm going back a bit over a decade, to when my past-self is just starting high school. I'm going to set him straight and save us from becoming a unsociable, lazy fat sack of shit with zero social skills and no desire in life but to sit around playing videogames, reading books and stuffing our face with food.  
We're gonna need a *montage*.

I actually think about this quite a lot.

>  Christmas before my nana died to tell her how much I love her

>  Go to the future and live in the new earth

>  Spectate some natural events, like the Atlantic breaking back into the Mediterranean Sea after it separated and dried out. 

Observing human events, I think I'd need a company of bodyguards in most cases, though many if the interesting events I'd like to see involved battles. Like figuring out who the Seafarer people were that were reported by the Egyptians in the Eastern Mediterranean area in the late bronze age and are blamed by some for the fall (or at least a contributing factor) of civilization in that area.
Seeing a Roman legion in action at their peak or Greeks under Alexander going against the Persians would be pretty neat, if I could take the death and suffering involved.  It would be hard not to tell them about little things they could do like stirrups to make their cavalry more effective.

Also would need a few linguistics and ancient languages experts for communication. Though I'd imagine most peoples must have had techniques for this as it had to have been a common problem.

>  Jump to the future to see if I’m happy.. then go back in time and invest in certain things ie google/bitcoin.. then go back to the future and see How it has changed my life.. if I am less happy then before I go back and fix my fuck up, if more happy I will then go explore some stuff.. but Woodstock would probably be my first “exploration”

>  A more likely alternative to time travel is sim travel where quantum computers generate a timeline for you to explore at will.

>  Check if there is a future - I want to know how soon climate change will hit us, it can be sooner than we think ! And then I will be going back in time to suprass it and just live among others, avoiding war and trying to make my life a hit

>  To whenever they make a patent to the time machine and patent it first, then I'm rich and go wherever I want

>  I’d gather up a bunch of tech and go back 300-400 years and like make people in the 1700s make iPhones or something

>  To the past, meet my father and tell him to quit smoking to get to know his grandson and, btw, I love him.

>  I’d provide the ancient Greeks or Romans with printing press blueprints. Society would advance earlier, but more importantly more historical information would be available today.

>  10k years back, create a philosophical religion across all societies based upon predictions that I ensure happen, so that when the societies meet they merge into a seamless whole.  All other religions are ignored because of the proofs my religion offer.  Faithful are cured of treatable diseases, etc etc.

>  Back to 2007 to teavh my 8 year old younger self how to be a function human being in the future.

>  The very start and become god

>  find waldo and take him with me so he's never found

>  Go back to the age of Christian scientific repression and give them the entirety of wikipedia and the matter replicator. Let’s see where that gets us

>  I learn to play Shinzou wo Sasegeyo (AoT season two opening) and go to imperial Japan to preform it, I feel it would be well received. I would the proceed to prevent WW2 entirely by preventing WW1, but this is what I’d do first.

>  Go back to anciwnt times, cloak myslef on and off to make it look like i can teleport, and boom im the god of a new religion till the day i die

>  I would go back in time, not too far so I wouldn't understand anyone. Wikipedia will be my best friend in this. I will predict everything that will happen, making myself look like a god because of it. Showing them how to make modern technology. I will be known in the books for decades, even long after my death. Hopefully we won't have the same mistakes too, like the world wars along with global warming.

>  Simple, I’d go in to the future incrementally, checking on when humans destroy themselves. Then I’d go backwards to just before we’re destroyed and convince a few people to go with me to 5-10 years in the past and enable them to prevent the destruction of humanity.

If we never destroy ourselves, I’d go to 1969 and just revolve around the year until I was bored.

>  Easy, I'd go back before a lot of the greatest songs were made and claim to have written them

>  Never leave the time machine, maybe go get some friends

>  I'd burn every bible and Koran I could get my hands on

>  Learn engineering and construction then fuck out of this era back to 1500's where everything was clean and pure. Build me a nice cabin not too far from an upscale town with my modern knowledge. Have it look appropriate of the times of course. Grow and hunt my own food, enjoy life like that for a goodly number of years.

>  I go to the past and look for a lot of the classical musical artists and show them some of the music from the future. I know some of the sounds rhythms and deeds will be foreign to them oh, but I'm thinking it will probably Inspire them to. After they have heard this strange new music I would like to hear what their music sounds like after that experience.

Is it changed in any way? Or do all of Beethoven's work now have a hard hip hop influence? Or maybe Bach "invents" jazz or something similar to pop? I don't know but it's one of those things I think about a lot and I'm not even really big into classical music.

>  I would go back to the day google registers on the stock exchange and buy up, then back to the beginning of the industrial revolution and build a very large industry for this crazy new energy called “solar power”....and then I’d save heath ledger....and also Michael hutchence....and hopefully get to screw at least one of them.

>  Go into the future when they've found a way to make people immortal. Become immortal and then go back in time a few hundred years and get my portrait painted. Go forward about 50 years and repeat. Prevent famine (matter replicator=feed people), cure illnesses with my modern day knowledge, and generally become known as this amazing being who saves people throughout history. Research different medical advancements and bring them about decades earlier than they would have been. Become known as a brilliant scientist/doctor. Save thousands of lives. Be one of the first people to invest in Apple.

Then return to present day and start a conspiracy theory website about myself.

>  What if you time travel to something that wikipedia does not have? Does it just teleport you out of the existense

>  I would want to see all the big civilizations at their peak.

>  This might not be a noble goal, but I'd like to leave coprolites all across the continent, and when you connect the dots on the map it spells my name

>  That would depend on one thing. What can the 'replicator' create. Can it produce medicines, nanomachines, body parts, or just food. Also, 'the entirety of Wikipedia' is a bit vague. Are we talking about today, ten years ago, or when the internet finally collapses? 

Given the options available, and taking a little liberty with the questions above, I would probably spend the next thousand or so years (if the replicator can create anything then it can create something to extend life indefinably) recording major human events in high definition or 3D rendering. Since you can go into the future it wouldn't be anything to get what I needed in the future. Then sell the 'videos' to the highest bidder. Once I have enough money from that, and of course working the stock/commodities market I would simply purchase a nation. Since I have a time machine I can know when someone is about to do something stupid, like invade, and stop them. If everything goes to shit I can just move to another point in time and do it again. 

Oh shit I just realized the questions point. Simply rephrase it as "Who wants to be dr who?"

>  Matter replicator? If I can take this fantasy further I'm making anything I want with that thing. 

Step one warp to the Pacific just before the nukes were deployed. Grab one. Nukes forever now. 

Step two begin plan of godly world peace. Here's how:

Any nation that is tyrannical or doin bad shit is gonna get a notice sent to the government via whatever mode is best. 

Then I'm dropping nukes off the coast of the country constantly till they stop their shit. No deaths hopefully, just constant God wrath happening over the water. Getting a tiny bit closer every day till things stop.

In the case of ww2 Japan I think those lives could be saved by pretending to be the US and bombing the ocean until they get the message.

>  1453 there’s something I have to fix

>  I go to various future times until I find an extinction event. 
Then go find when the earth is habitable again.
Then go back and recruit smart ethical people to become the new Adams and Eves, starting fresh with tech from just before the extinction event at our disposal.

>  I would go time travel vacation to different time periods in the past.  I doubt I will go to the future, I have a feeling it will be pretty bleak, Probably settle down somewhere in the past and introduce a bunch of ideas and technologies before its time.

>  You know what? i'm fucking good. Matter replicator alone will turn me into the ultimate couchpotato. 

Engineer the entire thing to be inside a camping van, and then visit the camping sites of each country in the world, explaining to bewildered border controll men that I am actually from germany, and do they wanna see the marvels of german engineering? Offer to show them all the way inside. 

Wanna take a bet how many wanna see the inside of a german camping van? 

Exactly. 

Cloaking device to prevent tickets, and so some sick wonder woman jet tricks, drive it to the next camping site, jump on the bed, feed the local delicacies into the matter replicator, catch some local TV / internet, feed my garbage to the matter replicator, replicate myelf some weed, next day, drive a bit further along. 

I mean, what, you wanna risk getting stuck inside the medieval times? The FURTHEST I would go would be 2000, to catch some bitcoins, and then be back to graciously chill and watch netflix.

>  I'd go back very very far back, take some nowadays expensive things(like currencies and art).

>  Travel into the future and get the immortality serum, then go to when gengis kahn was alive and give it to him. Then travel back to the present to so how well the world gets fucked over.

>  Whatever thousand b. C when they made large rock structures like the Aztec ruins, Stonehenge, or the pyramids of Egypt. Be interesting to finally see how it was done. Would be more interesting if they figured out tricks that we don't even know today.

>  Finally get my dnd group to meet up with everyone there. Oh you can't make it suddenly last minute? Well when can you I'll go pick you up and bring you back.

>  I'd head straight to the Blast from the Past Antique store, but in 2045. I'd make sure to kill old Biff before returning home.

>  I thought about going to 0-33ish AD to see Jesus.  But the more I learn about how life worked in ancient Rome the more I think it would be a dangerous idea.  For example: within the Roman empire Ancient Greek was the official language, if a Roman soldier or official approaches you and says something to you in Ancient Greek, and you can't respond, you've just committed a crime and can be arrested.

>  Show the matter replicator to the ancient Greeks, let's blow their minds.

>  Legit just back to Saturday morning. Repeat every Monday morning. Never have to work another day in my life.

>  Maybe like a five hundred years into the future, because I assume things will still be understandable to me.

Millions of years into the future, assuming we survive, I don't think we'd be able to understand the world. What was formerly humanity would be like the Q from Star Trek.

>  The future to download the full wiikipedia. Then off to adventures in the past to see how everything came to be.

>  I'd go back in time with a sports almanac probably just before Instagram got famous. I'd make tons of money and live life like dan bilzerian..

>  March 14th 2019, my old apartment. It's the day my fiance died. I'd stop him from dying then we'd use the time machine to rule the world super villain style.

>  right before i traveled through time, i would bring all of the components of a desktop with me. I would not even have to know how to put it together, as I have Wikipedia. I would travel to the year 1968, because that is when" The Mother of All Demos" took place. I would one up Douglas Engelbart himself while he was demonstrating, and basically take his name and all of his fame.

>  I would kidnap Jesus,  a la bill and Ted, and take him through Christianity’s history, then to current day. Let him really experience the comfort of modern life. Wow him with technology. Let him know that they could have had this instead of the dark ages. That science would have moved faster. Lives could have been saved. 

Then show him all the people suffering around the world in his name. And the people who got rich in his name, then all the stuff about rape. Then ask him to prove what he can do. When that doesn’t happen, tell him he need to not start his cult or change the rules.

>  1950s hide a few cars then to the 60s hide a car then come back

>  I know everyone always has similar ideas, but by going back to 1999 and having an incident with a plane I can beef up the security and prevent 9/11. Or atleast minimize  the damage done, if even one of the 3 planes that hit never got hijacked we could be in a differnt world today. But as shown in Family Guy that world isn't always a good world.

>  This is actually the plot to my D&D campaing. Mullet man is that you? Did  you bring your own weapons?

>  I’d go back in time and take pictures and videos of the seven ancient wonders of the world at the peak of their existence. I would also go find out the background of other stuff like Atlantis and La Navidad.

Oh and go see Jesus at some time.

>  If I have a matter replicator in my time travel machine, I just go back by a minute, buy a diamond, inserting the diamond in the replicator, then I'll go in the future, selling diamonds and buying futuristic technology.  


After this, I'll return in the present, selling the last diamonds for money used to open industries to produce futuristic technology and become even richer. Humanity would have a boost in science and I'll become probably the richest man in the universe

>  Go to the future and find my future self,see every shit that I will do so that I dont do it in the present

>  Since we don't know if this time machine appears at coordinates relative to Earth, the sun, our galaxy or even something else, some experimentation is in order.

I would first attempt traveling forward in time by the smallest increment possible, then measuring if any detectable movement has occured. Double the duration, then repeat until either the machine begins to drift, or we can confirm that it indeed stays tethered to the same position on the planet over time.

>  Whenever we, as civilisation, learn how to properly treat complex psychological and physical disorders, wherever the best hospital is, and get treated for as long as it takes without having to worry about the time. Also, get inoculated against all known historical diseases... then, everywhere and everywhen, picking a couple of friends to come with me each trip. Each team has to fit the following requirements:  


1: Close friends I can trust.  
2: At least one very physically capable person just in case Doctor Who happens around us.  
3: Ideally composed of people with some enthusiasm for or knowledge of the time period or stage in future development, and who can teach me.  
4: At least one comic relief, but let's be real with my friends that's everyone. We're gonna have a blast.  
5: People with awesome family recipes to replicate and share around the temporal cosmos.

>  To 3000, pick up a book of all championship wins, then go back to about 1980 and bet on every championship game and get rich knowing which team will win. Hen with all the money I earn, I go back to 1968 pick up a new corvette for sale, keep it safe and secure and pick it up in 2020 and with the money left over I buy some company, probably Samsung, then I use the money I earn in sales to become the richest person in America. Then with the time I have left I go back to the prehistoric age, pick up a velociraptor, train him, and use him to rob every bank across America by eating every person in my way.

>  Go back to every century since 1 AD and carve 1) my name 2) the year I will return and 3) the location into something not easily destroyable or disposable like a cliff or a large boulder. Come back to see if people are waiting for me, become an icon/prophet.

>  To the middle ages so i could just throw some stuff at them and then cloak and also so i could introduce them to cellphones and probably cause some massive shift in reality that could make the current year have technology from like the year 3000 because if the earlier understanding of technology also i would try as hard as i can to keep cocaine in coke.

>  Clone as much extinct animals as possible and bring them back.
Also, Mesopotamia. And Aztec Empire. Maybe give them some dinosaurs to fight back their enemies (and completely fuck up the timeline).

>  Go back in time 5 minutes earlier. Now there are 2 of me with 2 time machines. Take that conservation of energy and matter.

Do it again, and again, and again. Within a day there are over 1 million of me with time machines. Organize a giant raffle giving each one of me a tragedy in human history to prevent. Figure try to stop 1000 tragedies and assign 1 to each group of 1000. They subdivide the tasks. Launch all time machines at once.

Human history will become an ever changing me-driven nightmare as every major decision is stopped and started by different versions of myself. Species going extinction coming back to life, leaders killed and moved around like chess pieces manned by a wiki of insane people.

>  I make some DDT and go to the first spawning of mosquitos.

>  I'd plan multiple bank heists throughout history so I never go broke. I'd also give a bunch of money to charity and stuff like that.

>  Prolly to the past to give insight on the tech we have so we can be more advanced in our time

>  I'd go back and invest in a bunch of small businesses (at that time). not just things like Microsoft or Amazon. I'd invest in ones I know have played out long term, like P&G, Gerber, and even things that are relative to just their industry, like the Louisville baseball bat company, or McKesson medical supplies. 
also the crime fan in me wants to go and experience periods as a normal citizen during things like the zodiac killers run, the tylenol murders in Chicago, things like that.

>  Go to the beginning of the universe and take a picture then bring it to the future and either say: "I told y'all it was the Big Bang all along" or "We all betta start praying! "

>  go back to different places, once every hundred years & teach women basic hygiene & pregnancy prevention. figure if i hit enough cultures & times the info will get thru. 
and ofc kill hitler, columbus,, jackson, oliver cromwell, rasputin, and the people responsible for the genocides listed in wikipedia. also the popes responsible for the crusades & the inquisitions, jong-un, lenin, putin & trump, for funsies.

>  Go back to before this post was created and steal the credit

>  Everytime and everywhere to see if time has more secrets or if anything else happens or I will make a fake trail to make people think there was a cult since the beginning of time or make people think there was a futuristic culture in the past

>  Go back to 1914 and shoot Gavrilo Princip.

>  I would go and change the history by killing hitler

>  I would teach the ancient civilizations to worship JoJo characters and pray through Fortnite emotes.

>  I think I go to July 2nd, 1776. That's the day the U.S. Declaration of Independence was adopted. Not just for the historic event but to observe the different types of people react (Royalists, slaves, etc...)

>  I would go back to medieval times and show them my phone and I would be a king

>  To Carl Sagan's house. I'd give him the time machine. He'd put it to far better use than I would.

>  Go back to the caveman times (dont know what its called) and give them all a shave

>  New Orleans, Louisiana.    1899


A time when civilization began to prosper within the Americas. A modernising city complete with white collar professionals to the slums of immigrants. Saloons, poker and a time where the world stopped being the primitive carcass it had come to know itself as and evolved into a modern day city

>  I know it would probably change the future but I would go into the past and see my dad because I really miss him

>  I'd like to go back and find if I was ever happy as a child, or if my depression is innate.

I'd be fully down with even communicating with myself, as I wouldn't really be bothered if I somehow evaporated

>  So far back that i'm the only one there...

>   Okay, before I go, what model of time travel are we using? 

Is it like Back to the Future, with paradoxes and junk? Or is it more like Orange and Erased, where I would return to a new future?

>  The Victorian era, so they can use my toilet facilities rather than chucking their waste out the window.

>  Does Wikipedia update based on your native timeline, or whatever era you're in?

>  1980 - Tell my dad to stop drinking so he hopefully won’t die when I’m 5. Really wish I could make this one happen, or at least have an opportunity to talk to him. It’ll never be. 

1979 - go and see “Dawn of the Dead” in theaters 

1985 - go and see “Day of the Dead” in theaters. 

1986 - go and see Queen live at Wembley

1970s and 80s in general - see various bands and check out a disco and a night club in the both decades 

I’d also visit the 1940s and 1960s and see what they’re like.

>  I would like to use it to investigate myths. Where did these story's really come from is there any truth to them or where they a complete fabrication. I would investigate various dragon story's as I happen to really love Dragons and would love to know why so many cultures seem to have various depictions of dragons.

>  To meet myself on my 17th birthday to tell myself it's not worth living even in the future.

>  I would go back to the end of the stone age and convince them fire is burnt. Then go to the neolithic age and convince them that water is wet. Then go to the age of exploration and convince them birds arent real. Then go to the colonial age and convince them that slavery is gay because you are owning another dude. Then go to the beginning of the American revolution and convince Britain that America is not worth keeping because eventually an orangutan would be ruling us. Then go to the westward expansion/ manifest destiny era and tell them that the memory of the wild west would be remembered by a horse balls simulator. Then go to the day that the Wright brothers built a working plane and crash it into a big ass building making 9/11 before it even happened. Then I would go to the beginning of World War I and bomb Austria before their leader could even be killed. Then I would go to The end of World War 2 and have Hitler dressed up like a shark while playing baby shark on replay. Making sure he was also mauled to death by a great white shark as well. Then I would go to the middle of the 1920's and inflate the american dollar so the great depression couldnt even happen if America is already fucken poor. Then I would go to the atomic age and send out a radio signal that is just and ear rape version of revenge. Then I would go to the information age and show Bill Gates what would become of the internet. Then I would go to the 80's and 90's and make dabbing a hate crime. Then I would go to the early 2000's and get turn ok boomer into a comiment. Then I would go to the 2010's purely for the memes. Then I would go back to where I started and look at the actual disaster I have created.

Edit: I have to apologize for this, I hit the good stuff way to hard and typed out this shitshow. God I regret everything

>  I would go to the year where the black plague show them a cure and kaboom medicine is 600 plus years more advanced

>  I would go to the point in which humans figure the entirety of unified field theory

>  Keep going into the future 5 years at a time until someone finds out what’s going on with Ashvlogs

>  i'd travel very far into the future to watch the sun swallow the earth, and to watch it fade to a glowing ember. i'd watch the andromeda galaxy collide into the milky way. i'd jump countless times to see how our civilisation changes; rising, falling, and finally dying. i'd celebrate christmas on snowball earth. i'd put on some shades and watch as an asteroid kills the dinosaurs. i'd witness the birth of our sun and the planets around it forming from dust. i'd witness all the first steps we take on another planet, starting with our own moon. i'd watch the death of the universe, all the stars extinguishing one by one until only black holes are left, and then they explode and all matter decays. then i'd stick it all on youtube so everyone else can see.

>  I'd go to the 1970s and try and sell Coca-Cola to the Soviet Union before Pepsi did, yes I am aware they did after and of course gained a foothold in Russia after the Soviet Union dissolved, still it be cool if the average Russian drank Coca-Cola and of course the trades of Naval Ships and Submarines just for the drink

>  Go back to when Obama was president and also kill trump.

>  On a more personal level, I would like to meet my aunt and my grandmother, from my mother's side. They both died before I was born and from what I have heard they were both really amazing people. I was always curious and would have loved to have know them.

I am not religious but I would also like to meet the historical Jesus, see how he was, what he did. Considering he endeed up being probably the most important single person so far and since historians seem to more or less agree he existed. And if the gospel of Webber is to be trusted, he was also known as a great singer.

>  Into the future where Cat Girls and Body Swapping technology are both real things... Return to present day as every Weeb's fantasy.

>  There is a criminal case that is still a mystery here in france a little boy killed in 1984 and we don't know who did it

recently the case was the subject of a netflix show that i've watch and i said "if i had a time machine i would go there to see who did it" but i think..that i would witness and not do anything because i'm from thoses who think that time is a line that need to be like it happen and that even if we could it's better to no change any event of any timeline

>  Go back to 2017 and invest in Bitcoin

>  Unless it transports you in space as well, you'll be seeing a whole lot of nothing. Earth moves on while the sun is moving on in a galaxy that is moving on

>  Here's how to become a god with time travel while actually resolving any paradoxes. Go to the future to buy a robot version of you that is almost exactly like real you, go to your birth, do a switch, and yeet real baby you off of a cliff or something. Then, you can just insert a preprogrammed key into a hidden port in your body you never noticed before, unlocking all of your robot intelligence and strength and basically making you immortal. After that, set up a button that sends your current consciousness back in time to a past version of robot you, giving you save points IRL. Also be sure to set up a backup version of you that updates every 5-10 seconds and automatically activates if the main you stops sending updates, letting you respawn.

>  I’m going back to medieval times. I’m going to pretend that I’m God by matter replicating everyday items from 2019. It wouldn’t take much. These people have never even seen a flashlight. I bet if you showed them Game of Thrones on an iPad Mini they would shit themselves. I would then give them rules on how to live and maybe set humanity on a better course than the one it’s on now.

>  A day ago to stop Felix and Marzia's home being robbed and kill the bastards who did it.

>  ill get a mini gun travel back to WW1 and reck mayham, save prez lincon from getting caped and beat 7 year old me and tell little 12 year old me to shoot my shot at the girl i like and tell him to work out also shoot up the kkk cause fuck them

>  I would go to WW1 cloaked as a hot milf and give Hitler the love he deserves

>  I'd go to ancient China, bring a lot of present day stuff to trade, get rich and marry 100 women.

>  Guys what are these answers. Just use the matter replicator to build a business, and keep time travel as a hobby.

>  Let’s go and turn the world upside down by preventing the Uk, the US and Spain from existing...

>  Go watch the Big Bang 4.54 billion years ago

>  Go back to before the discovery of the Americas and go meet Chistopher Columbus to threaten him that if he kills any Native Americans, he and his crewship will be cursed. He'll be forced to believe me considering how dumb people were at that time and with our technology he won't understand

>  I'd probably go back in time to Aztec times then I'd steal a bunch of stuff using a Lazer gun I just created then burry it were only I'd know then go to the future and unburry it and make profit then use that profit to buy Netflix and get rid off all their original series' 
and adaptations (yes stranger things will get removed come at me) I'll make sure when the joker is available it gets on netflix. then useit to give my free accounts then just make profit because I'm not wasting money on that Netflix original crap

TL;DR: I'd buy Netflix get rid off all the junk then buy the rights to put the joker movie on it

>  Travel back to the appropriate dates and places to prevent accidental deaths of Buddy Holly, Jim Morrison, Janice Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, Stevie Ray Vaughn and Prince. 

Then Sarajevo June 1914 to do better job driving a certain  Archduke's limousine. 

Then 1600 London to watch some plays and observe possibly meet Shakespeare and just look at that time.

I would love to go back to the first Council of Trent to try to head off the Counter-Reformation, but I'm not sure I could ever accomplish much.

I would like to be in Corinth in around 30ish AD to see Paul evangelize and of course go to Galilee to see Jesus face to face. 

I might go back in 100 to 500 year jumps in one city (like Jerusalem or Rome or Paris) just to observe how these places developed.

Australia around 50K years ago to try to prevent mass extinction of megafauna.

Then, wherever.

>  Go and save Alexandria library and many more of that, also ban Vatican to collect anything other than toilet paper, stop Americans from throwing nuclear bombs, make the safe overaid for Chernobyl plant, and many more stupid mistakes of mankind. Also, maked politicians swappable like diapers, and give power to the scientific minds and not the religious bastards.

P.s - it would be fun to save Houdini from itself. :D

>  Prevent religion from forming and correcting all the problems it has caused.

>  To kill prophet Muhammad. Before any liberal come and start spilling their shit here, just read about prophet Muhammad. That guy raped a nine year old girl and fuck his own aunt. Fuck Islam.

>  I'd go back during major revolutionary times to try and turn the direction to learning more about nature and less about industry. We're finding most of best and most helpful chemistry is either coming directly from nature or is based off of nature such as nature identical compounds. I would teach of the dangers of a lack of population control, industry, pollution etc. I'd abolish and ban religions, war, and borders. Keep major cities from forming etc.

>  To the future to see if climate change has actually happened. If it did, I'll go back in time to 1990 and become an Elon musk before Elon musk was a thing

>  *1945, convince Roosevelt to make a third bomb for Japan*

>  Into the past to debunk religion so people stop using it as a retarded excuse for their own bigotry and ignorance.

>  Help Hitler win the war.

>  Go to biblical times and create a religion based around me

>  First I'd go online and download something other than Wikipedia, I want to change history for the better and I'd need accurate information to do that.

>  I’m gonna steal from a bunch of people and not get caught, since I’ll have an alibi. After all, I can’t be in two places at once....  👀👀

>  use the matter replicator to crash the gold market in England, just for fun

>  1107. I would go back to when thw christian crusades started against baltic people, in real history the war lasted 137 years bwcause germans were far stronger but baltics were way more stubborn and would level fortresses and churches brick by brick to get back.i would teach them to build armor, weapons, forts, tame horses and teach few tactics to crush the german crusaders in humilating defeat by the last pagans of the europe.

>  You already had me at time machine. 

The rest is overkill. Personally, I would probably go to the Middle Ages, avoiding the Black Plague, and replicate all the gold I'd need to buy myself a castle and replicate enough armor to sustain a sizable army to protect myself as well. 

Then the bitches.

>  Subtle changes, I would go back to stop things like famous peoples deaths. they would still appear to die in their time line, Before it happens though I would save them and take them to the future. I would have a certain time frame to keep them in far enough in the future If they were seen they would not seem out of place or would win a look alike contest, or be "holograms"

>  I'd go into the caveman ages. My reason behind this is I would show then my time machine. Then I would bring 1 back and kill the rest of the tribe. They would allow me to kill then because I am there god that has brought knowledge. Then the butterfly affect would start kicking in. I would take my caveman and put him in a mcdonalds play palace and leave him there. Then I go back in time to the dead tribe and mess up and destroy anything and everything I can. Then hopefully. When I come back the mcdonalds play palace is now the ruins of a lost colony. The reckoning has begun. With the apocalypse slowly destroying America due to our gun smoke causing pollution i would use my time machine to become there new god and they will worship me. I will sit on a throne atop the remnants of former people. There skeletons shall be my mountains. Finally. I make them build me a mansion. Then slowly kill them off slowly 1 by 1. And now I have my own Mansion. Alone. In the middle of the apocalypse.

>  I would go back and invest in Apple, Google, Amazon, etc. All the big Fortune 500 companies in their infancy. Also, go back and bet large sums of money on sporting events. I would richer than the rest of the top 100 billionaires combined.

Then I would give it all away and fix countries that are poor and destitute.

I read a story the other week that still haunts me about sex tourists from western nations who go to The Philippines and get the local sex workers pregnant. Theres tonnes of half caucasian kids over there who never knew their fathers. No one should have to be forced to sell their body to strangers to make ends meet. I would fix that with micro loans and investment across the world.

Also blow. I would do tonnes of blow.

>  To the age when the Greeks prospered. Gonna speed up every thing up until now.

>  Well, assuming I understand how time travel works I would have to time when I go and when I get back. Can't go back and find another me, that would probably be bad. Also can't return at a time before or after I went back in time. I'd just go go back and pick winning lottery numbers, that's it. I'd buy gold and diamonds with my lottery money then use the matter replicator on them. There's no better time then the present. After I acquire more wealth then any one man or country on this planet I'd destroy the time machine. 




What I'd do with my newfound money? Probably run for president (US) and try and fix the worlds problems one by one. It ain't much but it's honest work

>  Ahahaha, are you fucking kidding me?? First are the basics, I'd go back to a large and growing country when it was very unadvanced, England would do good, 15, 16 century, later than that and it might be easier since people were smarter passed the enlightenment, but also some more basic tricks might not work, my time machine seems pretty damn spacy, so I'd bring any and all necessary equipment. I'd have advanced modern weaponry, specifically for myself I'd have a small, powerful hand gun, one that's designed to be concealed, I'd paint it as closely colored to my skin as possible, I want to avoid people realizing there's a middle man. Some remote detonating explosives are very versatile in quickly because a god. I'd stock a little bit in other, different artillery. I'd make sure no one _ever_ gets a hand gun, I need to establish how much more powerful I am, so I'd have some weapons that would out power armies, but I'd want them to be big, bulky, not too efficient, I'd have some alternative weapons like a flamethrower, say that all these weapons are just fractions of my power that I grant to my followers, they'll assume I can do everything all these weapons do but better, through intense military regime, advanced agricultural technology, and me constantly making my people happy with very simple future technology, I'll now have a massive nation (hopefully), at this point I've started construction on a giant palace, now let's get some slaves, the slaves (slowly) make me a massive underground bunker, when they're finished, I kill them. Nobody knows about this, up until now I've been hiding in my time machine as it's cloaked, close to my nation. I move my time machine to the bunker, cloak it, there's not a single goddamn way I could be at risk like this until nukes are invented. I have highly advanced security in the kingdom and the palace, I've started training doctors in advanced medical sciences, I've spread advanced hygiene throughout my kingdom through septic systems, water reservoirs that are connected to the entire kingdom which is now shaping up to be a city, I'm having the most talented engineers and specialists create modern equipment like kevlar, I absolutely _will not_ create guns or advanced weapons, the limited amount I handed out to my devout followers is all we're gonna have for a while. I have messenger go far out and spread my message trying to recruit frequently, I've conquered the nearest kingdom by now, I had previously sent a messenger announcing to all that those who fought me would be killed and those who did not would be spared, since I know have military training and technology that they would only dream of, I doubt too many people fought. I now have large labs and research facilities, I have fleets of scientists all armed with the modern knowledge I have them, I now need to extend my own life time as far as possible, for this task I only allow my most trusted scientists, we're gonna start with augmentations because that's mostly possible as of now, then we're gonna try to find a way to save my memory, I have long range communication now and I've already began construction of advanced vehicles, I'll have planes flying over and passing flyers, more men more power, start vastly expanding, creating a reliable economy and even with all the expansion would be easy since now am literally ahead of the world by hundreds of years. I've now created a government, I have a large council that can make most small decisions without me, I'm invading far away countries with battleships, I  have carrier ships with fleets of planes, for flyers and battle, I will always try to go a more peaceful route, by trading networks I'll be connected, by advertising I'll be known, and I'll show the world the joys of life in my kingdom, armored vehicles have already taken down those who appose me, I spare the civilians but butcher the royalty. I've already established colonies in America, this time in history I'll actually be recruiting the natives to be a part of my vast, relaxed society, even more people, by now I should be immortal, maybe I'm in an advanced android body with a backup of myself somewhere safe, maybe I'm just very augmented and just long living rather than immortal. Now, after I know I'm not gonna go insane doing this (I probably will have to do something about my faulty human brain) I'm gonna go through out the Earth's history, studying everything that every happened objectively, now we know, by now we have caught up to modern technology and then some, I'm starting galactic expansion, since the budget is near infinite, I have divided the world into nations, but when it comes down to it they all work together, first the moon, it's our interplanetary gas station, then Mars, colonise but in the long run Mars isn't all that important so no need to go all out, by exploring space, I hope to turn possible technologies that would greatly further humans into a reality, neutron star powered cities? Yes please, black hole engines? Absolutely. Galactic domination in progress, assume all foreign life is friendly until proven otherwise, by now I've ditched the power, I'm a peaceful and (hopefully) well liked leader, however once I instituted power of the world, I quickly destroyed all guns, all possible military explosives, no human on human violence any more, I'm sure there's a black market for guns and what not but some things are inevitable, I'll try my best to control it but it's not the end of the world (yet), I've taught values of science, compassion, altruism, and empathy. I've sent some lead scientists back in time to study the universe, we need to know if an end is coming, and the beginning might help us understand. Time travel is a _very dangerous technology, the only one that has it is me to prevent and possibly problems, I give it to very trusted people only when absolutely necessary, now, I've maxed society out, I just try to maintain peace and virtue through out. The only possible expansion is traveling to faraway Galaxy clusters, and that might never be possible, but if it ever is, then we're almost sure to encounter intelligent life (if we haven't already, we've probably found some life though. Possible bacteria or some other single celled organism). 

Of course that's assuming everything goes right.



TLDR; took over the universe and hopefully everything is (mostly) great.

>  I feel like you're kinda a dick if your first answer isn't "kill the shit out of Hitler".

>  Back to the time of first cars. There were tons of electric cars first and with the info I could maybe make them never start burning oil

>  I’d go back to the time when people thought It was Gods act and Be the God xD 
I’d appear whenever someone becomes an Emperor and show him there’s a higher authority and Watch them create theories about me xD 
Also to Every Linkin Park- Ac/Dc Concert every

>  Go back in time to prevent the Nazis burning all the books on LGBT+ research, data, and information. Make sure all that information is well protected and in good hands, before jumping back forward and observing and cataloging the differences it made for LGBT+ progress.

>  1. Get rid of all religion.

2. Kill hitler and pol pot as babies. 

3. Stop the American Indians inventing Tobacco.

4. Burn jimmy saville as a baby.

Thanks for listening everyone.

>  This question can be rephrased as:

1. Have time machine.
2. ????
3. Make $$$$

Here is my idea for how to make $$$$.
-+-

I would go back to 2016. 

Tell everyone not to vote for Trump because he is the kind of guy who would tell foreign governments to investigate his political opponents, and then LIE about it.

I would ask anyone who didn't believe me to bet REAL MONEY that this would not happen. This way, I would make bank while making the world a better place. (Yes, I *am* very cool like that.)

-+-

Btw, I am even today willing to do the bet. Any takers?

>  You expect me to choose somewhere based of wiki.

Are you out of your fucking mind OP?

1st thing on the agenda would be to make sure wiki never got invented you wanna learn something get of your arse go to the library read a book and while your at it socialise with actual people and not names on a screen.

The irony is not lost on me either.

Anyway i don't need wiki cause i know exactly where i'd be going.

>  I go one day into the past to test, then progressively further, to understand both how much I can influence time's passage and what potential unanticipated consequences happen as I do.

Long term goals,

* undo Hitler,
* undo Trump (possibly by preventing 9/11),
* undo slavery,
* reverse or prevent climate change
* undo genocides of indigenous peoples



[5]
>  To the future to check the wikipedia article concerning the side effects of time travel.

>  Go solve all the unsolved mysteries

>  Watch Alexander The Great die and get burried and then the same with Ghengis Khan.  That would be cool and lucrative.

>  Go find the Daleks and do battle.

>  Year 0. I'll go check out the birth of Jesus or whatever actually happened.

>  I'm black so uh I'll just use the amenities and not time travel

>  Go into the future and download future wikipedia!

>  The assassination of Abraham Lincoln

>  The grassy knoll, Dallas, Nov 22, 1963 @12:29pm

>  I'd go see if jesus christ was actually real

>  To Gallefrey to swap it for a real T.A.R.D.I.S.

>  I'm going to Stephen Hawkings party

>  But no free WiFi lol

>  The future!

>  I'd go 40k years into the future to serve the Emperor.

>  Go back to the year before Jesus was born and ask someone what year it ACTUALLY is

>  This will sound weird, but I would go back in time.

First to visit, King Henry VIII.

Then Queen Victoria

Third, I would go to 1935 and protect some jews, (being invisible)

Fourth I would go into the future, to 2040, to see myself AND MAKE SURE I AM **STILL** NOT SINGLE. Though i probably still will be :'p

>  I would go back 2 years from now, kidnap myself, take his place and talk to my crush myself to prove im not actually a retard

>  The real question is: from what time is the wikipedia database?

>  I would go 1000 years into the future. I'd be interested to know if:
a) we advance super technologically and figure out interstellar travel;
b) regress to a caveman state; or
c) have gone extinct

>  To the old days of cod black ops 2

>  I would go to 1943 so I cou- oh wait never mind. I’m black.

>  To see how we ruined our future

>  I go on Wikipedia and change king fu panda into a girl

>  Film epstein not killing himself

>  Travel to the future to check out the future Wikipedia but the site has been shut down because none of you donated.

>  I don’t go anywhere. I’ll just stay in the machine for a while and have some peace and quiet

>  I'd go check if Jesus, Muhammad and other prophets really existed.

>  I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days, before you've actually left them.

>  It actually just sound like a good way to save on rent. Rent here has got so crazy.

>  I’m queer, so uh. I’ll just use the free food and water and not go anywhere

>  Gotta go find out if Jesus was real!

>  The future, black people haven't been treated so well historically on any continent other than Africa.

>  1700s America and free all the slaves because why not dude

>  I go back to high school and- hopefully still with knowledge of the future- begin care on my mental health years before I actually did, begin to take of my body years before I ever did, and never commit any of the selfish and manipulative acts I did to people.

>  does it come with a filled fridge too because than I'd probably put on the cloaking device and never leave

>  To go back to the day jesus died and see if he was real and see of any of the events during and after his death that happened was real.  I'd have a bathroom and bedroom in the machine so I can stay for more than three days there.

>  I want video of the crucifixion and resurrection of Christ.

>  Walmart to buy a ton of canned food

>  Christ's conception to see who really planted that seed.

>  you forgot kitchen. Time travel can really work up an appetite.

>  United States. The year 3092

>  Wait, which version of wikipedia

>  The day of the claimed birth of Jesus, to prove he never existed.

>  Florence, Italy.  Ca. 1503.
I'm wooing that mofo da Vinci, and my face will be in the world's most famous painting of all time. I'm showing more boob in my version, though.

>  To bed, for as long as I want.

>  Honestly, I'm just gonna vibe in my new rent free apartment for about an hour

>  See if jebus actually wore sandals

>  4 years into the future

>  I would go to the 1940s when 4 megabites was the size of beds and show them a 64 gigabit sd card.

>  I go to my hometown in the early sixties. From the stories I've heard it sounds like an utterly charming place.

>  I would genuinely like to go and see the architectural methods by the Greek/ Roman societies. The Parthenon has always interested me and to see those first stones being placed would be an amazing sight.

>  Ancient phonecia, give them the printing press and double-entry bookkeeping.

>  Go to Stephen Hawking’s party for time travelers.

>  Well, I’m still black. So probably nowhere.

>  take a selfie with jesus

>  I'd go back to 1865 to assassinate Abraham Lincoln, then immediately jump to 1963 to take out John F. Kennedy and finally jump to 2061 and kill the current president Joshua Morrison only to not be able to escape the last one and get killed myself revealing that each Presidential assassination was in fact planned.

>  I’d go a year back to freshmen year and talk to that girl I had and still have a crush on

>  Imma go party with the Romans. Assuming they don't kill me that is.

>  The toilet

Anywhere else would be weird

>  What do you mean 'go'? That sounds like a rent-free apartment to me. Why would I 'go' anywhere?

>  id go to bed

>  Outside

>  I would  travel to when shrek 5 is released

>  Bed is bed

>  Child porn

>  Is Wikipedia filled with all the information and is it all correct?

>  I’m going to stop the Atlanta Falcons from blowing a 25 point lead in Super Bowl 51.

>  Walmart

>  wait, what's the whole point to explain a fully equipped studio (sub kitchen) only to ask where and when do we go first?

>  2000 years in the future to see how humanity turned out.

>  No internet? Damn.

>  Back to bed

>  Going to a future that is ruled by giraffe.

>  Go to 2013 and purchase millions of bitcoins.

>  2 places...
Big bang..
And end of eternity...

>  I would travel back in time to the slave trade in Africa and tell them to leave the blacks alone.

>  So I'll be able to ride in a TARDIS

>  I'm going to go to Steven Hawking's Party For Time Travelers.

>  I would honestly use it to visit my internet friends, I would just use it to go places not to travel in time.

>  Go and see Jesus's ministry on earth. See the miracles, the Resurrection. Just to verify it 100%

>  Roswell New Mexico, that one time.

Plot twist: It wuz me

>  Murder the creator of Wikipedia before they create it to see what would replace it. And also attempt test is fate and destiny are real. See if Jesus was an alien.

>  2010, ill buy some bitcoins :d

>  I take vinyl of a bunch of bangers, go back to a top tier nightclub in the 70’s and DJ for one night.

People in the club that night would be wondering what song they heard that night for decades and then when they hear them on the radio over the years it would slowly dawn on them that they witnessed time travel.

>  Go find my 12 year old self and tell her how it all turned out

>  To bed

>  I would find out what happened to Kyron Horman and protect him.

>  Go back in time 10 trillion years and take a piss and dump.

>  Does my internet access only allow Wikipedia ?

>  To the future?

>  Go back to 100 years ago, so no one can trace me. Use Wikipedia to seek famous attractive women at that time. 
Use cloaking device, attack women, use matter replicator to replicate their body. 
Use the bedroom to fuck their replicated body all days, after i get bored, kill that body, dump it at some random place 200 years ago. And repeat the process.

>  First of all. I'm enjoying the free rent.

>  Back to bed. Night

>  Is the time machine rent-free? Because I'd totally just live in it, hop from place to place in the space of days and vacation like a motherfucker.

>  brave of you to ask me to leave

>  I would go back roughly 2000 years and see what kind of debauchery Jesus was really up to

>  Going back to 2015 and buying bitcoins

>  A would make a big badass party inside my futuristic time machine with 80s cool disco lights and some hip-hop 2000s gay music with my 1900 cool buddies.

>  Solve the questions we can’t unswear today, and maybe go and see some famous battles in the history

>  So I get a Bed Bath Infinity & Beyond machine?

>  Go back to jesus' time and do his mushrooms with him.

>  I wish this were real ;(

>  lol. Two kids under 16 months. I’d turn on the cloaking device in my own house and finally get some GD sleep. And maybe use the bathroom in peace. Is that so much to ask for Karen? Jesus Christ.

>  The ISS. Or the future ISS. Anywhere in space really.

>  If there's radiation protection gear, I'm going to Chernobyl

>  To the place that has the manual. I don't know how to work some of those.

>  Unless it has a built in method of motivation you're not going anywhere. Secondly, you are only going into the future and then you can only go back as far as the point in time from which you left.

>  I’d make it so Christianity didn’t exist. Discredit Jesus and his followers, think of all the good that will happen. No Spanish Inquisition, no crusades, no hate for Muslims and Jews, and at a certain degree slavery.

>  I go to bed

>  The 1960s where I can party whenever I want without being kicked out for being black

>  The highest point overlooking the battle of Cannae, to watch Hannibal kick Rome's arse. Then a whole bunch of other battles after that. How did the battle of Thermopylae really go down? How close to Darius did Alexander really get at the battle of Gaugamela? How close to winning was Napoleon at Waterloo before the Prussians saved the day? So many questions...

>  To bed

>  The cave they put jesus in.

>  Control room of Chernobyl, 26 April 1986. In full protective gear.

>  Only if its bigger on the inside

>  With my economic situation I’d honestly just take the free rent

>  solve the mystery dissapearences

>  I’d go back to the future

>  I'mma go visit Pontious Pilate.  Wait, can this thing translate for me too?  If not, scratch that and I'll just go shake hands with Ishiro Honda.  If so, then I'm gonna ask Pilate about this Jesus character.  Make sure it's toward the end of his career, or shortly after it if possible.

Honestly, I just want to DISPROVE Christianity so we can finally get back to being progressive in this shithole country.

>  In the future 3800+  AD

>  Honestly? Just relax and see what time and place was the most beautiful.

>  Back to bed

>  Um, why go anywhere?  Whats the rent?  Where is it?

>  Am I able to leave the room?

>  2019 years back, meeting Jesus. And perhaps go look for Adam and Eve, what they are all up to. Plus, I'd hear a snake talk.

>  check out all the stub articles and go fill them out with first hand evidence.

>  I think I would like to prevent John Lennon being murdered.

>  the future

>  *get rid of the bodies that the '1986 reactor explosion killed'*

>  What about a generator?

>  Isn't that like, one of the plots of Dr Who?

>  To bed

>  Easy. Go to the early times of the bitcoins and buy all of them

>  I'ma go see about this Jesus fellow.

>  I would go to see a black-hole.

>  Go back to about 600AD and visit the not yet Prophet Mohammed. Dazzle him with some magic and when he's convinced I'm an angel, order him to convert to Judaism.

>  I press Wikipedias "Random" - button...

>  Is there a random button. Anywhere, anywhen... Adventure.

>  tell 8 year old me to stop pretending to be a boy

>  London, and rent it out as an apartment for £5000 pm

>  Take my granddaughter to 1960s London, because that’s the obvious place to go when you have all of space and time.

>  I would meet jesus

>  I'd go back to when /askreddit threads were original and interesting.

>  I never leave that room/machine.

>  To bed.

>  I’d check out Jesus probably.

>  This would be a good way of commuting to places without worry about buses that are late.

>  Check my future self and be thoroughly disappointed...

>  The wardrobe room to figure out which Time Lord I just jacked this thing from

>  Britain in 1800s
Tough times but i like how places like London  were built with roads made out of bricks.
Basically like assassins creed syndicate

>  My conception

>  To a town filled with these weird buff dudes who wanna tax me because they're the mafia.

>  I’d take Stephen Hawkins up on that party he held for any time travellers.

>  Battle under Kircholm

>  Future. I'd like to visit my country on year 3019.

>  to a place in hunza in the mountains 😭

>  To bed... I would go to bed

>  I will visit Percy Bysshe Shelley's lifetime to see him in person!

>  How does time travel work? Is it like back to the future or is it like endgame?

>  The answer is always Gilgamesh.

>  I go to see if Jessus is real, at his birth.

>  I'd probably just stay here and live rent free for a while....

>  I‘d travel to my hometown Nürnberg back in 1945. It was horribly destroyed in WW2, over 80% of the inner city was destroyed. My grandparents grew up seeing it, I‘d like to see it too.

>  To the day of my conception, stopping it. Seem to have only been a curse to this world the more I think about it.

>  I'd check out some old bands I like. Phoenix lights, great pyramids and then stop my parents from conceiving me.

>  In the future to see how ugly i will be in 2069.

>  To bed.

>  Back to the future

>  Ride an old GWR HST

>  I want to see what actually happened during jesus time

>  I always think of that family guy episode where brian stops 911 and films it, "Time to terroise the terrorists"

>  I will go back in 1452 in Florence to know my idol, Leonardo Da Vinci. Then I will go in the future to see how will be the humanity in 100, 500 and 1000 years.

>  To the newton party

>  I'm an introvert.  Where's quiet and warm with no dinosaurs or people, no buzzing insects, where I can left to my own devices?

>  Will I be in future me’s body because if so I would go to the year 2040

>  Check rhe butterfly Effect??

>  I would go back to where hitler was a a a child and drop a grenade in a toilet he is a bout to take a crap in

>  I will travel 20 years into the future, to see if Bethesda finally have published Elder Scrolls 6

>  Fortnite season 1 specifically when Ariel assault trooper was released

>  Back to replace Genghis Khan as Genghis Khan and make 1/5 of the people related to me.

>  The future.

>  Bathroom of course then bed, I'm tired as well

>  I think I will go back to my six. Good old memory :(

>  I take my gun and head back to Nov 22, 1963 to a grassy knoll I know of to fulfill my destiny.

>  To the future where NGNL 2 and Drifters 2 are released

>  To see Prophets

>  Millions of years ago, to squish the first spider looking thing that began to exist. I fucking hate spiders.

>  To bed

>  Grassy knoll.

>  To bed

>  Basically every answer here is a Doctor Who episode.

>  To Wikipedia and beyond!

>  Is the Wikipedia connected to the time drive? If so it would automatically have future entries making the process entirely different and changing my answer.

>  Be pretty cool seeing some old bands perform and probs save john lennon

>  Is this "time machine" bigger on the inside than it is on the outside?

>  This is not how time travel works.

>  Is it bigger on the inside?

>  Someplace with viable fuckin internet damn my country's internet is absolute shit

>  To the future to check the Wikipedia article concerning all the cool/tragic/hilarious/criminal things I did as the first time traveler

>  I'd use it to figure out how time works

>  Two words...

Jesus Selfie

>  75 million years ago - like to see a real live t.rex

>  To my funeral and take over my future self's place

>  Smoke up with Jesus, then go back and help Noah find some sick animals

>  Everytime I hear about a new Mandela effect I roll my eyes & think 'geeze my son & his hoodlum buddies, at it again..takin a joyride in the ole time machine. Fu*kin up the fabric of the time space continuum with no regard. Probably threw out a taco bell cup & rippled an entire species into extinction. What's a mother to do?

>  Go back to last week and finish the homework I forgot to do

>  Without the matter replicator and time traveling aspect and cloaking device, you're looking at a $1000 a month studio apartment. I'd kill just use it to live rent free in this economy, with the added bonus of going invisible so I could be left alone whenever I wanted.

>  Nowhere, that's one healthy way to live, i ain't wasting that machines power on time travel.

>  Back in time before Wikipedia existed and look at a real encyclopedia.

>  I think this is what Jesus did.

>  Back to 2009 and buy 1000000 bitcoins.

>  The battle of caen

>  Red light district

>  To bed

>  Nowhere, unless it can also travel through space.

>  Go meet jesus

>  Travel some hundred years back in time in America, to invent the light bulb before Edison.

>  You offer me a fully stocked room I never need to leave, then ask me where I would go...nowhere.

>  Check for the 3rd book of Patrick Rothfuss..

>  Go about a thousand years into the future and see how much the continents have moved.

>  To bed! Finally get some peace and quiet ;)

>  i would go to roanoke to see what happened to all those colonists, from a distance of course so i don’t get killed

>  The 1989 Tiananmen Square protest

>  Is it bigger on the inside?

>  To bed, damn tired.

>  The room where it happened

>  To the oval roo.. I mean, I'm just looking for the oblong room!

>  Tudor England, because I'm a Henry VIII/Elizabeth I fangirl. Plus, I've always wanted to slap Eustace Chapuys upside the head. He sounded like kind of a dick.

>  August 1962 to buy Amazing Fantasy 15

>  Back to Reality.

>  I'm gonna be that time traveler from all those memes

>  I would save John Lennon from Chapman, and then tell John to have a Beatles reunion.

>  Assassinate Lenin and Trotsky. The Rothschilds and Rockefellers while we're at it. (All the lists!)

>  I stay here and live rent free

>  Back when Black ops 2 was populated and not full of hackers.

>  To a peer reviewed site first, and before I use Wikipedia.

>  I'm gonna check on how/when we finally get rid of the angry pumpkin in the oval office.

>  Sleep for three decades.

>  I would go to the future

>  To the future to check the wikipedia article concerning the side effects of time travel.

>  0 AD

>  The future pepege

>  I would go to the future to watch guardians of the galaxy three

>  To see Jesus

>  Save France from the Blitzkrieg.

>  France. 1826. I walk up to Niépce just after he develops the first photograph. I surprise him by taking a selfie with him, hand him the polaroid film, and then walk away without saying a word.

>  Go to check every poorly informative or doubtfull wikipedia article and then be myself the one who wrote them.

>  Thinking about it would take a while, so off my head, in the 80s, being 25 years old.

>  I'd go back to the time Jesus was alive.

>  To sleep. Got to check how comfortable the bed is.

>  Pretty obvious answer, but I would find out if Jesus was actually real, and if he did all of the things the Bible said he did.

>  Go and figure out what happened at Roanoke. It's always bugged me that we still don't know what happened. I am not a historian or something like that, I'm just curious. Maybe I'll take them back with me and that's what happened to them.

>  I’m going to Disneyland !

>  To the ressurrection of Jesus

>  Yeah, i would check if this jesus dude story was real.

>  Crash the German and Japanese economy in 1938 by printing tones of money and killing officials

>  Go back to 2016 and frame Dave and Dan for murder so people would have to wait for George to finish the books so we can get a good ending in GOT.

>  Going back twenty years and telling 11 year old me that being a girl is a real option.

Then checking out the restaurant at the end of the universe. I heard the service is pretty good.

>  To bed

>  amazing

>  hundreds of years into the future for the updated version.

>  Go and see what ideas were actually in the great library of Alexandria before it burned down

>  Go to that guys party that was trying to see if time travel was real

>  Bed

>  The genealogy side of me would crush brick walls. First one would be to go back and find my great-great-grandfather's parents.

>  Hire a historian and ask him for a tour.

>  So I'm a Time Lord now.
Neat.
I'm going to solve some mysterys n' shit.

>  As a history buff go to all the great historical events/battles.

Battle of Thermopylae
Siege of Troy
D Day / Normandy
Spanish Armada
Columbus landing
Birth of Buddha, Christ, Mohammed, etc
See the Tsars of Russia
Napoleon
William the Conqueror
Crusades
Building of the Great Wall, Pyramids, Machu Picchu, Taj Mahal
Area 51

>  I have a bed room, bathroom and a device that can recreate anything I want on demand? I'm probably never leaving that box.

>  i'd go visit my future self and see whats up

>  I’m going to bed. Dude I’m tired, I work the night shift. Had me at bedroom.

>  I go to the state of deppresion

>  The first option/ cam he earliest I can go

>  The Bible Times. Did all of that really happen or did my parents just brainwash me for 14 years?

>  I’d go to see if Jesus is real

>  Why would I leave?

>  I desperately want to know what a T. rex looks like man. Also, I’m a weird insect nerd so I want to see 3 foot wide dragonflies and ants the size of hummingbirds lol

>  Bed, probably

>  12 years in the future to see if the apocalypse happened.

>  Burger King

>  I'd travel back in time and force Gabe Newell's parents to send him to fatty camp so he never grows up into the fat dude who released VR Half-Life 3.

>  Back to bed

>  I go to year 0 to see Jesus Christ

>  Stop anarcho-capitalism from being destroyed on places that it happened.

>  I would go see the resurrection of Jesus to see if it was true.

>  To the timetraveler Party of Stevem Hawking

>  I'd go to the future to see what it's like

>  I would go back in time to when I was 5 years old, slap my 5 year old self and tell him to "stop, just stop"

>  33 AD to Jesus's tomb to steal his corpse and start the myth of Christianity.



[3]
>  Stay at home and use the matter replicator for drinks.

Sleep till its 3 pm.

>  Shit I might just stay in the time machine to get extra sleep

>  Two chicks at the same time

>  I go in the time machine in the present and take a nap

>  Go back and stop the dick head that stole my snacks

>  Hey /u/_21928274999 does it function as a teleport as well or do you just go back to the same place

>  To have sex with that guy’s wife.

>  In the time machine, duh

>  I'd go back about eight hours, cloaked in someone's house, and do my best to manipulate them into making a Reddit thread asking what they'd do with a time machine

>  Go to a underground bunker in 1945, and witness the sad suicide of a mustache man.

>  To sleep with that guy's wife

>  To sleep.

>  Sounds good, can I just stay there?

>  *doctor who theme plays*

>  Already seems like a pretty sweet place, why would I go anywhere?

>  The bedroom and sleep, and use the matter replicator to replicate food.

>  Back 5 years and say to past me to buy Bitcoin

>  Go back in time and tell myself exams questions😆

>  Matter replicator? I'd probably just stay in the time machine and replicate me some video games to play and food to eat for a loooooong time.

>  Cardiff seems popular with time travelers, so I guess I'd go see what that is all about.

>  Id go back in time and thank the guy who killed hitler

>  Well, clearly I am in a TARDIS, so the question is am I the Doctor or the companion?

>  The bedroom.

>  i go to 1997 and stop my parents from having sex and then wave at them as i slowly fade out from existance

>  Inside the time machine

>  i'm gonna go kick my mom in the belly

>  2010 and buy Bitcoin

>  I'd go home to pick up my wife and take her with me.

>  Live Aid.

I just want to see Queen live

>  Go back one week, win the lottery. I'm a simple man with simple needs.

>  Probably to the time machine.

>  Live aid

>  Oh I'm definitely catching a dinosaur. No fucking question.

>  With a fully equipped bedroom, bathroom, cloaking device, and matter replicator, why would you even care if you also had a time
machine?

If you had all that, your life is already perfect. Take the machine someplace nobody will accidentally bump into it, and live out the rest of your life inside in peace.

>  I'd go nowhere. That's my home now.

>  Doesn't matter. Im gonna end up at hitler in the 4th jump anyways.

>  2010-2011....BUY BITCOIN. GOD I'm stupid for not

>  I'm just going back like 4 hours to take a nap

>  1988 to tell my parents not to get divorced and also buy a fuck ton of Apple stock

>  I'll sleep first

>  Well, inside the time machine?

>  I go to 2023, when the mods of askreddit finally ban "time machine" questions.

>  Step 1:Go back to 0 BC  
Step 2:Ride Dinosaurs  
Step 3:?????  
Step 4:Become God Emperor of Mankind

>  Fuck, I probably won't even leave the time machine.

>  Go to the time when I was a fetus and tell my parents that "she's gonna be gay, don't let it surprise you"

>  The minute the ROOMBA is invented to tell the inventor to weaponize it

>  I believe this is just doctor who with less steps

>  To sleep

>  To the bedroom I guess

>  I’d go to the end of 2023 to play cyberpunk 2077 and all the DLC.

>  I just stay in there

>  Seduce Hitler with my time traveling bedroom, and make him fall in love with me so he doesn’t commit genocide.

>  Probably go to Ford's Theatre on the night of April 14, 1865.

>  To sleep

>  Into the time machine. I wont go anywhere, just nowhere for some undisturbed sleep.

>  Back to when i was 14 so i can be happy again

>  I go back to the Roman Empire and matter replicate an airplane.

>  I go-to the future and play the new video games.

>  I'm staying in the time machine bedroom.

>  Into the time machine

>  Seems pretty cozy in the time machine, I'll just stay in there.

>  To sleep

>  I'm gonna go watch spongebob

>  Post capitalism future

>  It would be interesting to go back to Israel in like 1 AD and watch the whole Jesus thing play out.  See what the deal is with all those miracles people were writing about.

>  I go impress a hooker with my time machine.

>  Bedroom. Imma sleep before I go anywhere, obviously.

>  Go back in time and eat this burger again

>  Time to figure out how the Simpsons predict everything.

>  Well if its a time machine cant I go everywhere at every time.

Lemme just see all of it.

>  Wow... So I am 100% self sufficient and have all of space and time at my finger tips... I would work out like a pro for 3 months and get in great shape, then drift through time like doctor who, only the chicks I pick up I would wreck in the bed room : )

>  Gonna go see the Vietnam war and see if that stupid fucking  song from war movies is actually playing.

>  Try to stop Eve from eating the apple, simple.

>  Nowhere, sounds like I'm all set.

>  Definitely to the fall of the Berlin wall, or the Twin Towers

>  So you decided to come here and ask reddit?

>  I literally asked about time travel and six hours after someone posts about it.
Wonderful

>  Gonna go back in time and see what Qualuudes were all about

>  Into the time machine.

>  if I get all thats Im staying inside

>  I'd sleep

>  Stop my parents from getting an arranged marriage and boom my miserable existence is erased forever.

>  Sounds like Doctor Who but with extra steps

>  To sleep!

>  Take a nap in the bedroom.

>  I live in there and stay

>  Lol, I'm just gonna sit inside and take a nap

>  Go watch Freddie at Live Aid, 1985

>  I'd probably just hang out in my time machine. Replicate myself a tv and a playstation and the essentials are covered.

>  **When:** 6 hours ago

**Where:** behind you as you're typing this post

And I slap you and disappear.

>  Supermarket to get food.

>  The time machine

>  I think I just go sleep and chill and sleep some more.

>  Probably just take a nap in my sweet time machine

>  first check the big lottery win numbers and then buy that ticket for when I return to my own time.

Next to the Pence Bedroom when he is praying to "God" and tell him to sandbag Trump... or in my "divine voice" tell him the right to choose is true.
Do the same to all the "religious leaders" to end the whole conflict.


Then to Epstein's cell.


And if I have time, there is a question wrestling fans have been asking forever, so I would chill at Batista's house for a bit.

>  Tuesday so I don't buy those shoes

>  Time to start ww2

>  To sleep

>  I go back to the 2000's to re-visit my childhood

>  D-Day, 6 June 1944 Normandy. 

Stalingrad any time during the battle. 

2nd May 1945 Berlin, the day Germany surrendered. 

West Berlin at the height of the airlift. 

Berlin, when the wall fell. 

Aaaand a bunch of sports events. And Dinosaurs.

>  Nowhere, I would stay in my timemachine bedroom and play videogames.

>  Slap that apple out of Eve's hand and crush the serpent, pronto. You're welcome.

>  Live Aid to see Queen.

>  im going home

>  Forget that, i'm just gonna live in the time machine

>  To the bedroom. I’m tired

>  Jeez that's a lot of neat gizmos on that there time machine. However i may need one more critical component to experience time travel in a  meaningful way..... some sort of propulsion device. Other wise I'm watching history from one location....sweet.

>  I'm probably going to see my home town before it became a city in 1886

>  To sleep

>  I'd stay inside so I finally have time to sleep.

>  Why would I go anywhere? Sounds like a sweet setup.

>  Back in time to find that one guys dead wife.

>  Go back in time and remind Diavolo to pull out before he beds his wife

>  Go back In time to kill hitler, stop 9/11, and then have sex with every single woman in existence while in their 20’s

>  I would get horny, go back in time to when I was horny earlier, then spit roast my woman. If she wasn'r down to clown, I'd 69 myself. If you timeblow yourself and swallow it's basically infinite cum loops!

>  Go anywhere?! That setup sounds pretty sweet, I'll just enjoy it!

>  Go back and get the Queen to abort Prince Andrew so there's at least one less massive nonce in the world!!

>  South Africa for some big Xylophone

>  nowhere.

im staying inside the time machine

>  2009 buy bitcoin

>  Go a second before i got the time machine and it will double the time machine

>  Go fuck yourself

>  To sleep.  Right now.

>  Back in time

>  Why do I go anywhere? I am just gonna live in there- y'know how much a room costs nowadays?

>  nowhere. Like Rick I don’t fuck with time.

>  Why do you need a cloaking device if your watching racecars?

>  I find out who invented the timemachine and destroy them to ensure I have a monopoly on time traveling... then I profit and explore.

>  I’d just chill in there. Seems cool as fuck.

>  Buck to when I bought my bitcoin in 2011

>  Midnight, March 8th 2014. I want to see how a freaking plane can just disappear.

>  To sleep.

>  Gonna visit the Sontarans first.

>  Go back in time 1 hour and give myself a blowjob

>  back to sleep

>  Hmm, a week last Tuesday I did all the laundry and then we watched TV. Wow we won't see the like of THOSE sorts of days again!

>  2010, buy bitcoin

>  I just stay in the time machine that shit sounds lit

>  Ww2

>  Go back a week or so, so that I can START ON MY TERM PAPER EARLIER. WHY DID I WAIT TILL THE LAST MINUTEEEE

>  I’d see if OJ Simpson did it or not

>  Uh, nowhere. I'm hiding in my time machine!

>  Either right before the чернобыль disaster or the Estonia ferry disaster.

>  I'd want to watch the Titanic sinking.

>  Somwhere with good wifi.

>  If I can harvest the cloaking tech off of my time machine, I can become the French espionage man from the game released with the Orange Box in 2007 titled “Team Fortress 2” in Team Fortress 2.

>  Go back to 2007 and play runescape during the glory days

>  Sleep. I'm to tired to deal with that

>  I have a healthy poop and a nap in the "time machine", then I go about my day normally.

>  You watched exurb1a’s video, didn’t you

>  Go back in time and say to myself
"Hey don't kick on the glass it will break"
And when i broke my arm

>  So we all pretty much got our own Tardis lol

>  So basically im given a tardis? I'll be showing it off the first 25 years

>  Damn imma just tell my past self some good life advice

>  I've watched enough episodes of Doctor Who to at least know where I should NOT go

>  Go back 10 minutes for just some extra sleep.

>  I’d just chill out in the time machine

>  Make the cloaking device a gaming device and I'm going nowhere

>  I might not go anywhere else, that time machine sounds dope inside.

>  To sleep

>  go back in time and be a kid again, its when Im actually happy in life

>  I’d go to sleep.  No need to rush with a time machine.

>  My parents bedroom

>  Can I use it to go back to un-fuck my life? Cause if so, that's what I'm doing

>  Go to bedroom and cry

>  Home. Cuz fuck life

>  Literally anywhere, anytime. This is a dope setup.

>  Quick question, is this time machine effecting time AND space or just time because than I'm going to have to make a one man helicopter for this trip

>  Nowhere. You shouldn't play with time.

>  Woodstock. I'll just tell everybody it's an airstream camper and rock out.

>  Go and stop that paper that said vaccines cause autism from getting published

>  1991....to see Nirvana live <3

>  I just live in the machine and teleport in a food storage place once in a while

>  My childhood.

>  To sleep.

>  Middle school, I’d ask out my crush and fast forward to HS take my education/favorite sport more seriously.

>  Spend my 2001 student loan on Apple stock. Sell high. Buy bitcoin at its conception and sell high.

>  Cleveland, Ohio June 1989

>  Gonna bag me a Jesus

>  I would go back in time pretending to be a wizard. A realistic role-play game

>  Go to pompei and sell volcano insurance.

>  imma have a shit first

>  bedroom

>  To have a nap in the bedroom

>  I'll time travel back to this very moment, to update this Reddit post, about what I actually did with the time machine. 

I can hardly think of what I would do if given such a device now!

>  Bedroom imma sleep on this

>  Into my time machine

>  Nowhere its a pretty good place to live in there already

>  nowhere, i will live in it

>  To the bedroom

>  To the time machine

>  How would these adult eyes with all their judgments and concepts see the world of my childhood?

>  When someone says time travel, the first thing that comes into my mind is Bitcoin!

>  Nowhere

>  So... Oh fuck... I've lost the time machine, I put it on cloak and I can't find it.

>  Everywhere.

>  I'll go back and fuck a dino

>  I have food, shelter, and entertainment? I think I'm pretty much set. No need to go anywhere.

>  I would buy food and stay in the time machine. Then I would stop myself from doing many mistakes

>  Space and binge watch my favorite tv-shows without getting interrupted by my responsibilities.

>  6 hours back, so that I can sleep again

>  Go back to kidnap myself at my wedding, avoid that catastrophe entirely.

>  Well time to take over east frisia and start an empire

>  If go to the replicator and make me some cheesecake and pizza then eat it in bed. Might use the cloaking devices too cause it sounds cool.

>  To sleep

>  Goto sleep

>  To The Time Machine

>  Titanic, so many questions still unanswered

>  Go back to 2012 to buy a shitload of bitcoin

>  First, I go to sleep.

>  I could go for a quarter pounder and McDonalds so prolly culvers

>  Why would I need a time machine with a bed? Wait I get it for a place to sleep....

I go to middle school, tell them ignore the guy I wasted time on in high school, date this one, nix my then best friend, and become semi-normal, get a job, license, and finish college earlier with a good GPA.

>  If there's a bedroom,I go to sleep first.

>  I'd probably go to sparta with hygiene/vaccines and fuck myself to death.

>  Live Aid, I'll put the time machine in cloaking mode floating about ten metres from the floor. Chill and sit down in my bedroom and watch the concert.

>  Back to sleep

>  bedroom, play minecraft

>  Im gonna go back in time and steal the time machine from myself. And bend the laws of time and space

>  Nowhere, I got everything I need right there, time to chill n kick back

>  checkin out the fall of the khwarezmian empire

>  I’d probably go back in time to cheat on exams

>  Bedroom. I’ll need a good sleep before I take on the world.

>  To sleep. I'm so tired. After that, I go win myself the lottery and buy a secluded home where I can read and binge watch shows and sleep more.

>  I'd go to 5 years ago so I can retake all of my exams

>  Into my new home, I guess.

>  Here I come Bitcoin!

>  Tell my past self when to buy bitcoin and when to sell

>  I’d help prevent WW1 and WW2

>  Fuck traveling I’ll just cloak, use the matter replicator to get whatever i want and live a happy, unbothered life

>  Might be cliche but I need to see my man Jesus. I have so many questions

>  Sleep

>  Go to sleep inside the bedroom, I'm tired right now so better get some rest

>  Forward 6 months. Get all the sports and lottery results. Come back. Profit. Retire.

>  Going to the future and then imma read up on that times material on fibromyalgia in the hopes that SOMEONE has a fucking cure

>  Movie theatre showing shrek 5

>  Im gonna go get some food and water

>  I'll find out if gingers really did sink the Titanic

>  First I go to the time machine...

>  Well someone gonna be getting an A in every test. 

Step 1: grab an empty copy of the test and steal the smartest kids test once he finishes it.

Step 2: run to cloaked time machine at the back of the room.

Step 3: copy the test and just make some miner changes

Step 4: sit right infront of the teacher or as far as possible from the smart kid.

Step 5: easy test.

>  To the time machine

>  First im getting someone that knows old chinese and swedish then im going back in time to 500BC and getting Sun Tzu, after that im going 1700s sweden and helping Carolus Rex win.

>  Id hoard some good food and go live inside that time machine.

>  I'd just live in the machine.

>  I'd probably just play around with the matter replicator to be honest.

>  Visit Camus and Sartre in the cafe and have a glass of whatever. Bound to be good

>  Buy stonks in Apple before they got big.

>  Get a copy of the schematics for the time machine and spread it everywhere

>  I'll stay in the time machine

>  1991, to buy stock in Apple, then 2007 to start mining bitcoin

>  12 hours back.

Then post this thread and reap all that sweet, sweet karma.

>  I dropped a glass yesterday so I might go back and not drop it

>  
Cliche but your mums bedroom

>  1850 and make preparations to DESTROY the British during the 1857 wars.

>  Live at the paramount '91

>  Tea. Earl Grey. Hot

>  Medieval times

>  It's all well and fine until you step out of the time machine and get smallpox

>  The present.  I can live there and enjoy life.

>  she would be a good Dalek.

>  Some place I can nap.

>  To the Fall of Roman Empire

>  To sleep

>  Watch Titanic sink

>  I would just stay inside for a while

>  Into the time machine to rest up and plan.

>  Go back when MrBeast was getting popular and tell him to do team trees way earlier.

>  18 June 2018. Tell X what's gonna happen

>  Bedroom, to take a nap, then back to the time I went to the bedroom.

>  The wrong time and place, because somebody decided it was funny to mess with the dates.

>  First i'll go to the futhre and get alixer of imortaladi and then live from start to end of time there

>  June 1969, New York City. I would want to see the Stonewall Riots firsthand.

Also lots of drugs everywhere

>  Back to when I was happy, and tell myself how to live happier.

>  Obviously I'll go to the inventor of the time machine to give it to him/her - otherwise how would they give it to me in the future?

>  I would t even exit the time machine.

>  Home to take a nap

>  Sleep

>  I'd do two chicks at the same time.

>  Well, since you asked, I would go in to the Time Machine.

>  Beginning of life on Earth. Snuff it out.  Technically commit worldwide genocide.

>  All of Wikipedia,  like past present and future?  If so,  nowhere,  I would just cloak and stay inside

>  to the futuristic 1980's
2980?

>  Sounds pretty sweet I'd just stay there

>  On a search to find the doctor because I think I stole the TARDIS.

>  Idk man, I'd just probably sleep for like a week then pop on back to my Wednesday meeting like nothing happened

>  The bedroom

>  into the time machine

>  The time machine, duh

>  Sex with Jesus

>  
In the year 1,000,000 ½
Humankind is enslaved by giraffe
Man must pay for all his misdeeds
When the treetops are stripped of their leaves

>   Holocaust  
I love death and suffering

>  To the time machine

>  I would have stayed at the time machine itself.

>  To the closet with a special guest

>  Bitcoin

>  Go back to 1955 and play Johnny B Goode at a random high school dance

>  Into the time machine.

>  I use Wikipedia to see if I can upvote this post in a time machine.

>  The set of Doctor Who

>  Have sex n go back in time to re-enjoy the experience

>  I go to the shopping buy food. Lol

>  Prehistory. Park my machine in perpetual taciturnity. Watch the wildlife. Read. Nap.

>  Stay right here. And just use the time machine just for living

>  Yesterday when this post wasn't up to give op the time machine back so the time loop is completed. You're welcome thread.

>  14 hours ago so I can post this

>  To sleep

>  I'm going to go visit my man Arthur Morgan

>  June 12, 1994 at OJ Simpson’s house

>  You had me at bedroom/bathroom.  I'm good.

>  To the golden age of rock

>  To hitlers bunker and convince him to go on a rampage instead of commiting suicide

>  I'm going to the moment we decided to go with Edison over Tesla. We'd have a functional iron Man by now.

>  Back when this post was made so my comment wont be buried.

>  In the time machine

>  Last Tuesday to re-input my fantasy football lineup.

>  Why would I go anywhere, sounds like I’m home already.

>  Go back and show Freddie Mercury the impact he had on aids and that he most likely pushed that forward a tonne.

>  Imma teleport into The Doctor’s TARDIS and mess with him

>  Right before the time machine was invented so i can squat on the patent.

>  Nowhere..   I sit where I am and activate the cloaking device then take a long fucking nap.

>  Imma jerk off

>  Back to sleep

>  Golden Corral

>  Install a biometric indicator that automatically goes back in time to deliver a letter to myself that tells me time / date of when I die so I don’t do that thing

>  Stay in the time machine man, it sounds pretty cool and I don't want to fuck up the time-space continuum

>  Everywhere obviously, time to doctor who this shit

>  To the past, about 6 years ago and slap my past self for being so stupid.

Then I'd visit Jesus because why not?

>  I'll go to bed, I guess.

>  Bitcoin.

>  Have a good look on Wikipedia first obviously

>  End times and sleep for a while

>  nowhere, its the best place already

>  I 'll travel to newton's time and drop a big rock on his head instead of an apple

>  Hitler's bunker

>  I go back 15 hours ago and post this question before you, because fuck you I got a time machine

>  I am literally a fan of Doctor Who so I would go back in time to meet the first three Doctors, the War Doctor and any companions who have passed.

>  Forward to when Bush finally admits jet fuel can’t melt steel beams

>  I guess go back and bleed and/or jizz into the primordial soup that became life...what’s the worse that could happen??

>  To consult with an immunologist about which vaccines I'm going to need.

>  TO HELL (please read in dark and gritty voice like Batmans)

>  New York in 1981.

>  Go back in Time to stop the Titanic Sinking! Jack lives Folks!!

>  I'd go to sleep, it's seems like a good place for a nap

>  The bed room, ugh let's just start with a nap.

>  Got back in time and make this post

>  Into the time machine and chill out

>  Stsy home and sleep for like a week straight while forgetting all of my responsibilities. Then go back in time to before I did that and have no consequences.

>  If the machine had a personal cloaking device, just before ww2 when hitler is doing a rally and pants him. Trousers and underwear.

>  Into the bedroom taking a nap

>  To bed to get some more sleep

>  The time machine

>  Back to Gallifrey before the time war.

>  Go back in time to the height of beatlemania and go to every live show during that time.

>  I am gonna find out who stole my 30$ underwear!!

>  visit my home town in the year 3000 coz why not

>  Back to 2002 :v

>  9/11 New York... I make a bag of popcorn and chill in the sky and watch things go down

>  to the future and buy all the games i can't wait to play...and also check stock trends

>  Nowhere.  I’ve got everything I need in my time machine

>  Go back a few months and tell myself not to fuck up this time

>  I would go back and tell JFK not to go to the plaza

>  Im going to 1939 and wait till 1947 to see jackie robinson because by the time WW2 starts, im to young to fight it and ill be old enough to buy tickets to the game, don't question me i wanna see the guy who broke the color barrier in sports

>  The time where all the U.F.O sightings were.

>  Back to when Apple stock was first offered.

>  Why fucking go anywhere I’m set.

>  Sleep

>  Nowhere. Fuck time travel

>  to have a good tea party with john lennon and to get a past game almanac so I can gamble it lol

>  Go forward until i can find some one with a multiverse machine, become unstoppable.

>  To sleep

>  Probably just chill for a while since for the first time I have a secure home and food supply

>  Through time

>  I’m dark skinned, so no where before 1985.

>  Go back in time and pop out in front of Hitler's mother before yanking her into the time machine and turning on the cloak

Say,
"Hey, if you abstain, I won't have to kill you."

To which she cocks a shotgun and says "You aren't the first time traveler I've met" while backing out of the machine slowly

I turn on cloak and go back to the future visibly shook as I realize the implications

>  Before I cheated on her and she leaves my stupid ass.

>  Go to Texas in 2007 and try to save Sarah and Amina Said

>  Berlin, Germany. Right before Hitler became dictator, then convinced him either to stop, or shoot him dead.

>  To every stupid moment in my life and redo it

>  Go back to Medieval Times and sell water infused with charcoal and say it is an immortality serum

>  Back to Isaac Newton in 1867 and pick the apple that fell on his head to stop gravity being invented

>  Go into the past and sell paracetamol and vaccines as the exiler of immortality

>  Literally every comment in this thread is already a Doctor Who episode or could be a Doctor Who episode...

>  The past, throwing paper airplanes at my past self with life advice. Either that or taking the bullet for one of the most "Open-Headed" presidents.

>  I'd fuck my mum



[7]
>  Cleveland, mid-1930s. Gonna find out who the torso killer really was.

>  Steal the top comment of this thread, comment it myself, and reap the karma. Muwahahaha

>  I'd go see the restaurant at the end of the universe.

>  Easter Island pre history

>  I’d find out what really happened inside Engadine McDonalds on the 20th of September 1997.

>  The rise of the Soviet Union

>  So a TARDIS then?

>  Epstein’s island to find out the truth

>  So, basically a TARDIS?

>  Find out what really happened to epstein

>  BBC headquarters, 1963. Because obviously this means I'm the timetraveler Doctor Who was based on.

>  To find The Doctor cause someone just gave me his Tardis.

>  I make the time machine look like the waverider

>  Back to experience the moment where Pepsi was the 6th largest military in the world

>  Portugal may 3 2007 and see what happened to Madeline McCann.
I would also see who killed Hitler in ww2

>  Anywhere but Monday

>  I’d go get some food. Who knows where that matter replicator’s been?!

>  Pre-Columbian Manhattan.

>  I'm going straight to Portugal in 2007 to finally find out what happened to Maddy McCann.

>  I wanna watch the Mongols decimate Baghdad

>  Appear at the great battles of history with the future's loudest speaker and blast 'Portals' from the Avengers Endgame Soundtrack.

>  so you’re talking about TARDIS?

>  Headed to sit in that Epstein cell son

>  You know the time machine you described is the TARDIS right?

>  Could have just said the tardis

>  I’d visit my great grandfather, I recently found out he worked as an Engineer in 1919 at the same company I do now, I too am an Engineer! My dad died young so I had no idea! I wonder what my Great grandfather day was like!

>  Dealey Plaza, 22nd November 1963

>  I'd go to the moment my mother was born. Grandma always boasts about delivering my ma in a toilet by her lonesome and I need to see it for meself.

>  I'm sorry, are we just talking about the TARDIS right now?

>  # Ok, Doctor Who.

>  I grab a sonic shotgun and go hunt some cyber men

>  I look up when youthful immortality treatments became cheaply OTC and grab that shit.  Then...well...the universe is my oyster and I'm basically a god...so...

>  I go to Roanoke to see what happened to the colonists.

>  Skip NNN

>  The TARDIS?

>  I have always said my top priorities if I had a time machine are to save Balto (+his team) and Billie Holiday. They deserved better ends than life gave them.

>  To the battle of denmark straight I don't know I just wanna see how terrifying it was and maybe try to save more of the hood's crew

>  The beginning to see what happened

>  Apparently I’d spend most of my time somewhere around Cardiff. Which seems like a waste of potential but that seems to be the way it works.

>  Where did Dr. Who go first?  This sounds right up that phone booth.

>  Why go anywhere when I can live in there ?

>  Bitch is this doctor who?

>  Sounds like Doctor Who to me

>  i wouldn’t go anywhere, this is my home now

>  To my mother while she’s pregnant with me and convince her the doctors are right and to abort me.

>  I really want to find out what drove koalas to go and eat eucalyptus.

>  To the very beginning of the universe, could be interesting

>  To the very beginning of the universe. Could be interesting

>  no where!  I just sit and live in the machine as it sounds like I have everything i need!

>  *I wanna try New Coke.*

>  I will first go to the Beginning Of Time and then The End Of Time...

>  Promptly return the TARDIS.

>  If it's got a matter replicator I'm sitting at home fucking with that until I get bored which is never.

>  To the beginning

>  My funeral to just exit out of my coffin and act as if nothing happened

>  Just call it the TARDIS...

>  Soviet Union. Follow Trotsky to wherever he ran off to and see how he died.

>   **matter replicator**

>  TO THE BEGINNING!

>  Go back to biblical times to see if any of it really happened

>  I'd go to the beginning of our known universe and the end because I've always been curious what actually happened (and you know, figure out who was right).

>  My funeral.

>  Are you talking about doctor who?

>  Can I choose where the time machine ends up locationally or will the time machine be stuck in that exact latitude and longitude?

>  Go back to the beginning of time and figure out which origin belief is correct.

>  Can I create people with the matter replicator?

>  Fatima Portugal, 1917.

>  I'd want to meet my ancestors. See if I come from slaves or the Spanish.

>  The tomb of Jesus.  With a video camera and plenty of additional batteries.

>  I'll go to the Viking era. Try to become one of them and conquer the whole world.

>  This is breaking my heart. I'm so sorry for your pain

>  Lincoln's lost speach

>  I wanna see Atlantis and the Sahara when it was a lush green forest

>  Dallas TX November 22, 1963 to observe who the real shooters were. Then trace them backwards to see who paid them.

>  See 808s live at Hollywood bowl 2015

>  If its a time machine that basically a hotel i would go to the start of earth and just set a speed setting on watching everything evolve die evolve live and die while drinking some nice tea.

>  Stonehenge or Atlantis. Atlantis is said to be anywhere from 6000- 60000 years ago with impressive technology.

>  1920s, I want to experience jazz in its prime.

>  A matter replicator is just real life duping. It should be a bannable offense.

>  Sounds like a TARDIS. Why not the whole universe?

>  Call the doctor

>  Find out when time ends

>  November, 1963 so I can start making high quality recordings of all the lost Doctor Who epidodes.

>  Find all the missing kids :(

>  1 other comment?

>  Tardis, you’re saying?

>  Nice try, Chibnall!

>  Is this basically asking wwyd with a TARDIS? Because I would watch e v e r y t h i n g. Except for the end of time and the end of planets if it’s too stressing.

>  Just say you have the TARDIS

>  I would want to see what things were like before oil was discovered.

>  Guadalajara, 1976. I would like to see my grandfather

>  There's no reason to ever leave the machine.

>  I'll jump in my TARDIS to Switzerland in 1941.

>  I would go to see Stonehenge when it was built and why.

>  So the TARDIS then yeh? Your asking what would you do if you were doctor who?

>  First flight of the boeing 747 and of concorde

>  this time machine sounds better than most apartments.

>  I don't go anywhere and conquer the planet with the matter replicator

>  What do you mean go? GO!??

>  Screw the time machine, the matter replicator is what I want

>  To find out where that smoke store is my dad got lost tryna find in '93

>  In short we have a TARDIS. Well I'll go Doctor Who-ing!!!

>  I'd go find out what happened to that Malaysian airlines flight that disappeared a few years back.

>  Big bang

Or what ever started the whole universe

>  Germany, 1945. Wanna know what happened to Hitler.

>  This is a Tardis. Everyone who has seen Dr. Who wants one.

>  Gallifrey and ask them if they've lost a TARDIS

>  I'm heading straight to the end, I want to watch the final moments of humanity.

>  Find out if Tupac is alive or dead

>  So basically TARDIS?

>  To Gallifrey, because that's a Tardis.

>  You mean the TARDIS basically?

>  So it’s basically the TARDIS?

>  This is like the TARDIS, just cooler.

>  To the beginning.

>  DB Cooper's flight

>  First stop would be the local supermarket to stock up on food supplies.

Then straight back to me as an 18yo to hand over the  matter replicator, and the entirety of Wikipedia.

>  A Tardis. You have a Tardis.

>  Go watch the whole universe be created

>  Sounds alot like the waverider

>  I'd go figure out to see, if dinosaus had hair, and then I'd become a Dino Barber if they had

>  Isn't this the plot of Doctor Who?

>  Did Hitler escape to fucking ARGENTINA

>  To the supermarket to get some food. Man's gotta eat when travelling through time.

>  I'd go into null time and just hang out and live there since you basically gave me a time traveling RV. Boondocking in null time.

>  Nowhere. I'll have everything I'll ever need.

>  You're given a TARDIS basically...

>  Hello

>  I mean if i have a matter replicator does it really matter where I go to?

>  The restaurant at the end of the universe.

>  Reverse engineer the time machine, then create time machines with bedrooms, bathrooms, cloaking devices and matter replicator through the matter replicator. Then distribute with a link to Wikipedia.

>  So  basically a tardis?

>  I'll just live in it, what else do you need??

>  It's called Dr Who isn't it?

>  Go find the Doctor to give him back his TARDIS

>  The fucking Cenozoic Era

>  I GO TO THE TOILET!

>  Why would I go anywhere? This time machine has everything I need

>  Wherever I go, the first thing I learned from the time travelling TV show is to hide the time machine properly after reaching the destination 😂

>  I go join the other doctors in saving Gallifrey

>  I'll go back and ask Nikola Tesla about ether, and make it into everyday use so that, oil wouldn't be source of energy.

>  ... sounds suspiciously like the TARDIS

>  I would find some companions *Doctor who theme starts*

>  So what you mean is I'm Literally Dr Who?

>  Nice try - who ever is writing Doctor Who these dayes

>  Uhm, where do I get such a TARDIS? 
Asking for a D... Friend

>  Go back to September 11th and buy a ticket for the first plane. Stop the terrorists. When the plane lands is go back a couple of hours and get on the second plane and stop it. Then I’d go to Malaysia and save Malaysia flight 330

>  Idk where first but I'd probably just spend my time traveling to the past to see what happened and correct the wiki page on it.

>  I would screw with a random wiki page, go back in time and see how accurate I can make the wiki page.

I'd also like to have an areal view of pangaea before it became the counties we now know. Just seems cool.

>  So.. if we got a matter replicator, can we possibly live forever?

>  Basically if you have a tardis?
I’d hope there’s a civilisation that can give me a 2nd heart

>  First I go to the matter replicator to get me some nice food.

>  Nowhere, I got everything I need in that enclosure.

>  Goes to the build Saint Petersburg and bought a flat in the centre)))

>  It doesn't matter lol fucking idiot.

>  Bish I'm not going anywhere I would straight up live there no need to go nowhere

>  So basically the entirety of the Doctor Who Universe.

>  This is basically Dr. Who

>  To Portugal on the day Maddeline McCann disappeared so I could see what really happened

>  Can I just live in the time machine? I really don't want to go anywhere, just park it up in the middle of nowhere!

>  ....can we pause and read over that he said we have a fucking matter replicator? Fuck time travel, I'm making my own island kingdom

>  So, the TARDIS?

>  So basically Doctor Who?

>  To the end.

>  Doctor?

>  Wherever the owners manual is, then to the future to find a better time machine (hopefully a Tardis)

>  Doctor Who the shit out of everything.

>  What's a matter replicator?


Nothin much, what's up with you?

>  To all my embarrassing moments

>  Go to the end of the universe and watch what happens

>  I wouldn't go anywhere lol. I would jaut use the matter replicator to print money and control the univerls with my insane amount of wealth while not helping the people in need and not improving the Healthcare /s

>  To the beginning and end of the universe. Then back to 2006, buy bitcoin. Spend it all on hookers and cocaine.

>  Dallas, November 22, 1963

>  Portugal 2007, WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED TO MADELINE MCCANN

>  So can we make people with a matter replicator?

>  If I can clone anything with a matter replicator I would clone myself and go 
#EVERYWHERE

>  Become the Doctor.

>  This. Is the TARDIS... I'd go to the very beginning and the very end

>  Go to the Battle of Midway at a comfortable distance, grab popcorn, and see if that video was as accurate as it looked

>  Dunno bout you lot, I'm being the legend who found out what happened to Madeleine McCann

>  So the tardis?

>  To the bathdroom. That’s what always do before a long trip.

>  So I have a TARDIS with a functional chameleon circuit?

>  idk ask the doctor, or tardis. they'll know

>  Sounds like the TARDIS.

>  That's just the TARDIS

>  When I find a boyfriend

>  Jurassic era then to 1066, and lead the Norman invasion with my Dino riders!

>  To just before the end. I want to see it.

>  Go to 1969 and put a soviet flag near the apollo 11 landing site.

>  Why the hell would you go anywhere, sounds like the perfect house, tf?

>  matter replicator. ima replicate myself and send him instead so I don't get streched in the time warp

>  Chernobyl. Use my matter replicator to explode dat thing.

>  To the bathroom, and subsequently to the matter replicator.

>  To a non crowd sourced Encyclopedia.

>  Battle of Osowiech (Attack of the Dead Men intensifies)

>  Glasgow, there's a pizzeria I love there and I need to program their menu into the replicator.

>  The end.

>  To a time where my father wasn't dead

>  I really want to be present at the moment that the first plane disappeared in Bermuda triangle

>  You are given the TARDIS you are now the new Doctor GOOD LUCK.

>  Isn't this the premise of Doctor Who

>  See if there is an end to time.

>  The Soviet Union

>  To the Library of Alexandria before it was burned. I will take the blue print of the place, will document the whole area and I will stole all the documents and leave nothing. It is going to be burned, anyway.

>  So I basically get a TARDIS? Nice

>  So basically a TARDIS?

>  Buy a ticket for Malaysia flight 370

>  Define cloaking. Like Waverider cloaking or working TARDIS cloaking?

>  Matter replicator? You do know thats the only thing interesting here? You just saved humanity and the universe for the end of times

>  The inception of the universe

>  Wiki makes exports of their encyclopedia periodically. Also the chances of it going down within 30 years is near zero. So I go to 2050 and take that download of wikipedia. then I upload that to the internet in 2020.

>  ah, the TARDIS?

>  build myself a harem using the matter replicator.

>  I will go back to the beginnings of industrialisation and energie to teach them about the renewable energies and recycling

>  I suggest going encyclopedia

>  Book Depository, 12.15, November 22nd 1963. See if he’s there,, if he is restrain him and see what happens.

>  I would go to the future to read a Wikipedia article on the actual date everything will end. After that I will try to speed that shit up I mean come on nobody wants to be here anymore be honest.

>  Idk wherever you want to go I guess

>  That sounds like the TARDIS with extra words

>  kill grandfather

>  To the future to see where I go first. Wanna know what happens lol.

>  To the bathroom. I really have to poop.

>  So a tardis?

>  I’d probably go see Pantera and Nirvana and any other band I never got the chance to see

>  To the beginning of time.

>  Cardiff.

>  Well if you’re basing your travels on Wikipedia, you’ll be headed into some whitewashed corporate nightmare that was made to sound nice and legal by paid Wikipedia shill editors.

>  Nowhere.  I just sit in it.  By myself.

>  I go poop

>  To zhe beginning of time...

>  Create the restaurant at the end of the universe.

>  Go? Why go anywhere? Sounds like the perfect house.

>  I'd go back to 2014 and sit my ass down on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 to see what happened.

>  Use the matter replicator to make a shitton of antibiotics, without them you are 100% dead

>  Bathroom, poop, now.

>  I would go back to the colonial age and start becoming a serial killer until I get bored of it.

>  So the tardis?

>  May 2, 2007 Praia da Luz . I just wanna know what really happened with Madeleine McCann

>  I read ***every single comment on this post.***

>  Travel to the end of my shift

>  You've given me an invisible house and a matter replicator. I'm not going nowhere.

>  So basically the tardis

>  With all that, why would I need to go anywhere

>  So we're given a T.A.R.D.I.S.? Im gonna go to the end of the universe and then the beginning of it. Then the exact middle.

>  Everyone’s talking about using the time machine to get rich, but I thought that was the reason the matter replicator was in this hypothetical situation: what would you do with a time machine if you didn’t have any physical / monetary needs.

>  I also choose this guys dead wife.

>  The bathroom, I really need a shower

>  This just sounds like an acid trip.

>  Idrgaf about time travel, I'm gonna make the matter replicator construct a small, portable matter replicator and live like a god.

>  Any time before May 2009. Then use the matter replicator to build my dad a new heart before his goes out.

>  Nice

>  I gotta go to where they wrote the beginning of our country of the USA and prepare them for Trump. Then I’d want to be reborn and relive my life

>  Sounds like doctor who

>  So the TARDIS?

>  Time to really find out, is 2pac dead.

>  Back to the pre-oil era and teach everyone how to make renewable energy.

>  Cardiff

>  Stop the Mongol pillaging of Baghdad.

>  Seems like it would be a lonely trip.

>  Dr who convention

>  I'd go back to the 90s and spend some more time with my Gran, maybe try and get her to eat better and see a doctor who doesn't mistake bp of 210/100 and chest pains for fucking gas.

>  Future to make it near-invincible. Then the beginning of time to see what was going on.

>  The making of Stonehenge, just to see how they actually made it

>  0 in the middle of a forest
Just because

>  OK but are we talking back to the future time travel or terminator?

>  Why would I want to go anywhere I have everything I need right here,

>  Do you mean TARDIS?

>  To 453 to see the funeral of the Great King Atilla,The Hun. To find out where hes coffin lays

>  Attack of the dead men, want to see the fear on the German Soldiers faces when their mustard gas doesn’t kill the Russians.

>  Pre cambrian era

>  Eh, why would I go anywhere when there's thousands of Wikipedia articles to read and correct.

>  So what you’re saying is I have the tardis

>  Nowhere
Nothing matters

>  Basically a timeship like the Waverider? First thing that comes to mind is going back to the exact moment Beethoven's first performance of Symphony 9. The other night I listened to it while stoned. It was..an experience!

Secondly I'd go see dinosaurs in the safety of my cloaked ship.

>  To the bathroom to poop.

>  If I had a matter replicator, then I wouldn't need to go anywhere.

>  I’m going to go see the birth of the very Universe itself

>  I’ll go to japan (2006) and destroy the boku no pico animation files, I’ll leave no trace of it. Not a single sketch.

>  I don't time travel instead I go to a lava lake and dump it in too save the universe

>  I'd be off to visit your mother

>  Your mother's house 9 months before your birth. Hello son.

>  so basically the TARDIS....



[1]
>  If there's a hazmat suit somewhere in that time machine then I'm going dinosaur-watching. Duh.

>  Checking out that jail cell Epstein was in.

>  I’d go back to 1960 to when I was 6 and before my Dad died.

>  I go back to my bedroom in May of 2013, the year I was raped, and beat the shit out the person who violated me.Then I would tell the younger me that everything would be okay and that I had a beautiful future.

>  I'd go back and meet my great great great grandparents and see how they lived and what type of people they were.

>  The last time the  Guillotine was used.

Edit for grammar

>  To every queen concert

>  I would prove Epstein didn't kill himself

>  I’ll go to a battle in the revolutionary war and update the Wikipedia page accordingly

>  Meh, I'll go somewhere tomorrow.

>  Go to the first homosapiens and kill them

>  Back to the 1st grade so I could sneak up and pour a bunch of fiberglass insulation shavings down the back of Joel’s shirt so he’s itchy all damn day. F U Joel

>  go back in time and kill all religious "messiahs". And no i don't have any hate for your beliefs, they're just bs

>  I would go back to when my dad was in high school and see if he really had to climb 7 mountains, cross two seas, and slog through the Sahara to reach school

>  Just like any book, I'd have to check out the last page - therefore, I go to the end of time

>  Would go to 2300 and fetch an update for Wikipedia and then begin my world domination

>  The future. Cat girls I'm coming.

>  Last Thursday night, so I can pay phone bill on time.

>  Here are the following people I would go back in time and talk to in depth:

Julius Caesar

Augustus Caesar 

Emperor Trajan

Cleopatra 

Sun Tzu

Queen Elizabeth 

Guan Yu

Queen Zenobia 

Emperor Aurelian 

Adolf Hitler

King Leonids 

George Washington 

Abraham Lincoln 

And Leonardo DaVinci

>  I’d do my fellow redditors a favor and go and see, who killed Jeffrey Epstein.

>  May 28, 2016, CINCINNATY.
I'll prevent this day.

>  First and foremost, get some revenge on someone I truly hate in my life. After that, cripple every known killer and rapist in the history of mankind before they get to their first victims.

>  To the big bang (if I don't get obliterated that is)

>  Go to any Nuclear close-call, pull out a lawn chair, and eat popcorn.

>  1945. I wanna know if and how hitler died

>  Dinosaurs, then I would correct every Wikipedia page on them.

>  Check who killed Jeffrey Epstein.

>  The day I was born #bestdayintheworld
Haha, just kidding. 
Probablyyy when dinosaurs existed... Just to see y'know what the hype was all about

>  Help Hitler becomes an artist if he doesn't then I kill him.

>  Why would I go anywhere? As long as it has wi-fi, it has pretty much everything I will ever need, so will just sit in some parking lot eating matter-replicated pizza, drinking matter-replicated whisky and watching TV shows. Most I would do is skip forward a few days so that I don't need to wait for the next episode.

>  McDs because I did not get a kitchen

>  To see who killed Epstein!?

>  To the prison where Epstein died to find out who killed him.

>  Kill Bush before he can initiate 9/11

>  Dinosaur ages
I wanna prove those non evolution believers wrong

>  Here's how you could do this: Create an ancient book that will become a relic only known to the elites and passed down generation to generation. Whenever a great leader needs guidance, they write their name and the current date/location in the book. You get in your time machine and go check the book in the distant future, then return to all the dates to fix shit. Problems solved.

>  To the moment Jeffrey Epstein died first!!

>  Back to when I was born so that I could kill myself. And then I would kill myself.

>  Stay at the current location, I'm perfectly happy as it is

>  The Holocaust, or the first landing on the moon(to see if it's real)

>  [Cahokia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cahokia)!!  There was a kingdom in the US about 1000 years ago across from modern St. Louis.

>  to a concert of someone i like

>  Wow thats tough. I'm not so sure about the past but probably the 1920s Prohibition Era.

>  Off to kill Woodrow Wilson I go!

>  I go to the person who actually needs it. It's not me.

>  Rome, with a metric butt ton of salt

>  My birthday, the day when i was born, and the day when my gf was born

>  Back in 1907 to force the art school to accept Hitler so he doesn't become a crazy maniac and start ww2

>  in the future for update wikipedia

>  I'm going to ancient Rome want my Latin education to become useful

>  I watch my life from a distance, starting from when I was born

>  Seriously, I'm going to go check out this Jesus character, and all the other religious folks they talk about. I'm getting to the bottom of this crap.

>  I go to year 5000 and update Wikipedia (if it's stored locally).

>  I got back to 2010 and stop myself from taking my current job. Or maybe back to 2003 and impress upon myself how important going to classes are at college, and not to date anyone named Megan.

>  I will become Dr. Who... But instead of Dr. Who, I'll become Dr. Fact-check. I will follow every religious event and try to fact check everything. From locations to people to flood/plagues and sinking islands!

>  If I have a camera of some sort with me, such as my phone, I am gonna go prove/disapprove all world religions!

>  Track down terrorists and kill them before they kill others.

>  I would go to the person who was about to invent the education system (school) and stab the shit out of him(:

>  The creation of sliced bread to see what all the fuss is about

>  exubra1a has a great video on what would be a good plan

>  Epsteins current location

>  The big crunch because sometimes I want to die.

>  To where hitler killed himself to watch him die

>  Replicate box of tissues, bedroom, https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breast

>  The day before 9-11

>  The moment that Epstein was killed.

>  I would go to see some dinosaurs

>  Ancient Rome.

>  Grocery store, gonna grab some food before I do something crazy

>  Somewhere with food.

>  I need a kitchen. Then i can answer

>  1st grade and figure out who stole my glue stick and smeared it all over my seat, to which I sat in. :(

Then I'm off to kill baby Hitler.

>  Elizabethan England, watch some genuine Shakespeare at the Globe Theater.

>  Go to before I was born, then make sure I wasn’t born.

>  1950s and 60s. Go see all the great rock n roll artists in concert when they were first up and coming.

...and bang bettie page

>  I would follow younger me around from a distance.  Every time younger me missed the signals of a girl he was hanging out with, current me would show up a minute after younger me left and bang her.

>  I'm going to get a camera and go on a history safari.

>  1491, to give a warning.

>  Taco Bell.

>  Pompeii the day Vesuvius erupted

>  Go find out if any religion is actually right or if it's all bullshit

>  Really early 1970s, London. I'm gonna make friends with those Queen boys before they become famous. I want to see them rise with my own eyes.

>  Infinite grilled cheeses

>  I teleport to Hitlers birth and kill him

>  I'd go back to last Thursday night so I could pay my phone bill on time.

>  Dinosaurs!

>  The end of the universe or the dinosaur age. I gotta know if dinosaur cowboys existed you know.

>  Meet my grandpa and get him not hooked on deugs before he died on them before I was born

>  I would go back to being 4 and see all of my grandparents again

>  If I get to bring a camera. I'm going to Jabal an-Nour in 610 AD and wait for Muhammad's first revelation from Gabriel. 

Angels are some freaky freaks, and Gabriel's Wikipedia page is too...Valentine's Day.

>  I would go to Ørsta, Norway in 1833 and beat the living shit out of Ivar Aasen.

>  Go to Lowe’s and get a kitchen installed

>  I'd update Wikipedia with actual photos of all the great people just to freak everyone out

Edit: Spelling

>  To Tiannmen Square, fully equipped with weapons and a camera. I will record that shit and kill anyone who dares stop me.

>  Straight to my boi Jeebus

>  Go back to the dinosaur era, right before the meteor  hits, and just watch it come towards earth and then I die.

>  Return to 2004 to play San Andreas

>  I’ll go back to 1942 and kill hitler

>  The mesozoic era. I want to see some dinosaurs!

>  Throw me to Tokyo, February 26 1936. And then maybe Guangzhou, July 9 1926. Maybe Beijing on July 7 1937 as well.

>  before The Big Bang was a thing to understand the meaning of life

>  Kitchen, gotto stock up on Nuetragrain bars for the journey.

>  I'd go just outside the solar system and watch a timelapse of the next 5 billion years

>  I would go back to the moment Hitler killed himself to see if it actually happened

>  Back in time, kill Reagan, prevent the current apocalypse

>  No camera for documenting things?!

Anyways. Probably the birth of jesus just see if hes arabic or white

>  You remember that Charlie Chaplin movie where the background character had what looked like a mobile phone and everybody was freaking out about it? Yeah, then.

>  Return to Friday, enjoy weekend, return to Friday, enjoy weekend, return to Friday, enjoy weekend, return to Friday, enjoy weekend.

>  I return it to galafray

>  I go kill my parents from before I was born, just to see what happens.

>  Rome

>  1. Ride a Saturn V to the moon
2. Witness Big Bang
3. Jam with Van Halen

>  Dinosaurs

>  Id go to 1910 germany go to the homeless hitler and kill him

>  Find a companion, go to distress call locations and save them

>  I'ma go kitnap Epstien from his cell and return him when he has to testify

>  Go back to when I was in my emo faze and slap my younger self while I tell them to get over their emo Arise "not like other people" bullshit

>  Alrighty, which richest families to begin blackmailing first through the centuries...

>  Imma go to when the Flintstones lived😂

>  I'd go to the Metropolitan Correctional Center on August 10, 2019 to wake up those sleepy guards so American financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein wouldn't kill himself. HaHa. Joking. We all know American financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein didn't kill himself.

>  To 2001 to beat the crap out of my dumb dad for eating my icecream

>  Going to 1939 to warn hitler about stalingrad and normandy landing

>  I'd Groundhog Day for a while: pick one nice day that ends with a big gala and go back to it over and over until I get it almost perfect.

>  I would go to acient rome and watch some gladiator fights

>  I just want to restart my day.

>  Hitler's birthday, a few hours after he was born.

>  Ill find out how Edgar Allan Poe died.

>  Extinction of the dinosaurs, and if it’s lame go out with a big bang. 

Wait someone already did that

>  Let's sit on top of the Globe Theatre with a bunch of stealthed camera drones and record all of Shakespeare's plays.

>  A nano-second after the big bang so I can exist in a non-existent reality.

>  Is Wikipedia for reference or so that you can update all the incorrect history on there?

>  I could Groundhog Day someone I hate.

>  Vlog/record all disasters in history in my camera

>  I'd go sneak along with Bill Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein on  one of their 26 trips together to Fuck Island and watch the horror unfold. Then I'd make damn sure Epstein made it to trial

>  I’d go back in time and be the first one to write ‘Call me Maybe’.

>  Go back & spectate dinosaurs before going to check out some ancient civilizations.

>  record the big bang

>  Kill hitler

>  I'd go back to see if Jesus really did perform miracles or if he was a crazy dude who people believed. Same with Buddha/Mohammed etc. Would be interesting.

>  Go back to 2000 at the VMAs in NYC and watch Britney get into her outfit that night.

>  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lottery_jackpot_records

>  Go Back To 1907 And Accept Hitler Into Art School So He Doesn't Kill Millions Of People

>  Estádio Nacional in Lisbon, 25th of May, 1967.

>  I would go back to before the big bang

>  I’d go back to the ancient era and show those guys a phone and become the fricking emperors the world

>  First, I go back to the 60's to see the beatles. After that, I go back to my high school graduation to slap myself in the face and scare me straight.

>  i would kill hitler

>  Go back to when my parents were kids and see how hard it really was to get to school

>  November 21, 1963. So I have a day to plan.

>  I go kill my dad before he conceives me.

>  Bulgaria because there are my grandparents and that is where I am from.Now I live in England.

>  Go back and kill Hitler, Bin Laden, Hussein and Trump

>  Go back to when Atlantis wouldve existed and go to the Eye of the Sahara to see if that's where it was

>  Dinosaurs

>  I would go to demon's run and punch a silent in the face

>  Dinosaurs.

>  Into the cell of Epstein

>  I'd go back to last Thursday night so I could pay my phone bill on time.

>  i hate this sub sometimes

>  I'm going to find a hidden convenient spot near my bus stop and live there.

Edit: Wait, can it also teleport?

>  Where wouldn’t I go?

36ad to watch christ get nailed to a cross.
64 million bc to watch the meteor arrive
July 1969 to watch the moon landing 
1880 to meet Jack the Ripper
March 2014 and follow mh370
1918 to watch the end of ww1 and see the spanish flu
And so on

>  The first place I'd visit is the [Richat Structure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richat_Structure) aka the *Eye of the Sahara*, to see if it really was the site of Atlantis.

---

https://youtu.be/oDoM4BmoDQM

https://youtu.be/lyV8TUlV3Ds

https://youtu.be/U5kEzxOb-3c

>  I make the meteor that killed the dinosaurs out of meat

>  I would go and watch the recording of my favourite breakbeats. Imagine watching the Funky Drummer nail the actual beat the ended up on the record. I'd love to see how the mics and kit were set up on the Amen break to see how the hell they got that sound. And then I'd go so a bunch of dinosaurs I guess.

>  straight into the sun when it's at its hottest

>  I wouldn't go back in time to "kill" Hitler.  Just go to Hitler's art school and bribe the teachers/admissions/dean to keep him enrolled.

>  I would probably Kill Hitler

>  I would go to see the woodstock 1969 concert.

>  Give Abe the ole, "ABE THERE IS SOMEONE ABOUT TO BLOW YOUR BRAINS OUT"

>  My teenage days and correct things there.

>  Spy on hitler

>  I'd go to pompeii I am really curious how it looked and how people reacted to the earthquakes, of course I'd go before volcano day.

>  So basically almost the Tardis, huh? I'd go to watch Shakespeares plays in the globe theatre first, and then meet my parents in their teens!

>  Kill the preist that saved Hitler from drowning as a kid. If not that, get him accepted into art school.

>  Wembley Stadium, London, 13/07/1985, Live Aid

>  Big Bang. Gotta see how it all starts.

>  I would teleport to Dyatlova Pass Incident mystery and see what killed the explorers

>  I would go and encourage Boris Johnson's mum to look into contraception.

>  I'm just gonna go dinosaur watching

>  I go back in the womb so I can choke myself with an Umbilical chord

>  Go back to 2011 when poptropica was big again

>  I'd go right back to before I let my parents run my wedding

>  duplicate my money until I become the richest person in the world

>  I will go to the time when Adolf Hitler was trying to enter the Art University in Vienna and bribe the head masters at the university to let Adolf become a student at the university. Making the Nazi regime and the deaths of 6 million Jews non-existent without killing anyone in the process.

>  Go find out who killed 2pac

>  Go to the day before my dad died.

>  Probably somewhere where Jesus was around

>  Metropolitan Correctional Centre, To really find out whether Epstein killed himself

>  The Big Bang.

>  I'd go the the colossus of rhodes!

>  I would send a killer machine back in time and kill Hitler's mum before she gives birth to Hitler. Sound familiar?

>  To the future, precisely 2050 to see if we all aint dead yet from global warming.

>  13th July 1985, 18:41, Wembley Stadium. Enjoying a moment of music history.

>  Go back to the 1920s and persuade a certain arts school student to stay out of politics.

>  To yesterday, then tommorow, so I can skip this dumb question

>  Go to the future where the Emperor of Mars Elon the III has made genetically engineered cat girls.

>  I go to the future to find out who killed epstein.

>  13th february 2084 to see if i die because it is what "the when will u die" test told me

>  kill my self before i am born

>  I'd go debunk myths and conspiracies like Hitler's death, the moon landing, UFO sightings

>  I would "fact check" to moon landing page

>  I’d go back and meet family that passed away before I was born. I’ve heard a lot about them. Then I’d go to a Queen concert 😝

>  Dinosaur beastiality

>  Go back in time and kill hitler

>  1985, stop my parents from meeting, a reverse Marty McFly, a Ylfcm Ytram if you will (I won’t)

>  To the BBC in the early 60’s to give them an idea for a really great TV series.

>  the big bang estimated timeframe. then dinosaurs

>  Would do something like the Three Sheets TV show about drinking around the world, except would be checking out crazy alcoholic drinks and drinking customs through time.  First stop, ancient middle east to check out the first beer breweries on record.  Then maybe grab some rum in an actual pirate den, hit up a pub in the heyday of the Gin Craze, sample a few genuine Absinthe drinks, and a beer at a speakeasy during prohibition.

>  Last week, pay my electricity bill.

>  I’ll go back in time to see my grandparents when they had my mum and my dad

>  I'd go back and record Jeffery Epstiens death as evidence.

>  I would go to the kitchen

>  September. 1683. Vienna. I bring popcorn to watch.

>  To the Mesozoic era (dinosaurs) Did they have feathers? What colours were they?  How did they behave? I could do a lot for science and we could find out a lot we can’t find from fossils

>  To the dinosaur era. I need to take a picture of my favorite dinosaur. Since my mother’s one is so dangerous I’ll send a drone

>  I'd go to the dinosaurs just to see what they actually look like

>  Wembley Stadium; July 12th 1986 - Queen live concert  
  
and then probably: Underground, Bonn; October 13th 1973 - Smile (predecessor of Queen) live concert

>  Jeffrey Epstein's cell

>  1st to Roswell 1947 and then to NASA 1969 to checkout the set they built to film the Moon Landing.

>  I'd go back in time and kill my grandfather before he marries.

>  Wikipedia? That’s a death sentence

>  I would kill Hitler and Stalin

>  go back in time and kill the ceo of plastic

>  The Roman era, since the time machine dosen't have any superspeed engines to fly through space.

>  Okabe Rintarou wants to know your location

>  Live Aid - Queen concert

>  The first day of 2000. I wanna live this century the proper way, starting at the moment it had begun.

>  To the future, record my parents die, show it to the present them.

>  Rome

>  I would go back in time to meet my Great Great Grandfather and learn all I can about his glass company.

>  1871 go to versailles

>  when i firstly searched "porn"

>  Last holiday I had with my mum

>  To Jeffrey epstein's jail cell so I'll know who helped him suicide

>  Jeffery Epstein’s cell the night he was suicided

>  Future, So I can report and edit the wikipedia pages of death of celebrities first

>  go to my first grade playground and beat myself up at regular intervals

>  To watch Jeffrey Epstein "kill himself"

>  Fact-check most crucial events. 1st probably Jesus

>  Go back in time and at least be with my first dog when he died. Motherfucker lived to be 19 so i won't clone him I'll just be there for him

>  1999 to kill my father before i was born

(just kidding)

>  Deffo gana check up on my boy Jesus.

>  I want to see a T-Rex so I can return back in 2019 and tell everyone how it actually looked

>  I groundhog-day your mom

>  Straight to eBay.

>  Just outside Epstein’s cell on the day of his mur...suicide

>  Here's how you could do this: Create an ancient book that will become a relic only known to the elites and passed down generation to generation. Whenever a great leader needs guidance, they write their name and the current date/location in the book. You get in your time machine and go check the book in the distant future, then return to all the dates to fix shit. Problems solved.

>  Go to subway.. and probably go to find what epstein cause of death

>   Go back to the Spanish Inquisition. I’d be the first person to expect them.

>  Gonna go way back to piss in the primordial soup that ended up being life.

>  Oh, great, i've got a half-baked TARDIS.
I'm gonna go see the solar system in it's early days.

>  Im going to go beat up that art student Hitler

>  Can it be used as spaceship, if so I would go and watch the big bang.

>  To see the dinosaurs live and in person.

>  2010 to talk with my dad one last time. I want him to know I'm doing okay.

>  Epstein Island. I need to tell Jeff not to kill himself in prison because the world will miss him.

>  I’d go back to the day she told me she loved me.

>  Here's how you could do this: Create an ancient book that will become a relic only known to the elites and passed down generation to generation. Whenever a great leader needs guidance, they write their name and the current date/location in the book. You get in your time machine and go check the book in the distant future, then return to all the dates to fix shit. Problems solved.

>   Victorian ages. I’d show them the toilet so that they don’t SHIT INTO AN ACTUAL BOX under their bed

>  I want to know where Aphra Behn was born and what she looked like

>  DINOSAURS!

>  Grocery shopping

>  I goto the bathroom to clean up. Cuz i just crapped my pants!

>  Maybe Look who my grandparents are.

>  for the day i was born and living with me so could stop me from doing all the shit in my life

>  No one....really....not one of you....YOU KILL HITLER

>  Put a hidden spy camera in Epstein’s cell to find out what really happened.

>  Why would I go somewhere?

>  I would go into the future to see the last generation of mankind.

>  Find out the zodiac killer

>  Go to the future when we have colonised planets in our solar system maybe even further than the solar system

>  Admissions office of art school from which Adolf Hitler was rejected.

>  To when my parents were my age. I want to meet them to see how they changed (and to see my Dad again as he recently passed away).

>  I would want to witness the life and teachings of people like Jesus, Mohammed, and Buddha. Separate myth from fact.

>  Go to the time hitler was born an kill him

>  May 29th, 1856. Bloomington Convention. I'd find out what Abe Lincoln said that day. Maybe record it.

>  Roswell. Need to see what actually went down there.

Then after that, maybe Christs cruxificion. After that I'll go to Buddha and have a chat if I could.

>  I’d go to the day my parents met each other to stop them from having me.

>  it's obvious, Vienna 1919 and kill art school applicant Adolf Hitler.

>  I'd be god emperor of the planet in about a week

>  Back to biblical era to fact-check the Bible.

>  First post! 

I am not religious but I would go to the time Jesus had lived. Call me Thomas I need to see it with my own eyes.

>  The 1920s, to watch Babe Ruth. Must have been amazing.

>  To the future to update Wikipedia.

>  Dyatlov Pass

>  Epstein's jail cell.

>  To the time where/when I was born, and kill myself with pillow. 🔥🔥💯

>  To my kitchen to get food for the trip

>  Well for one thing, [Don’t kill Hitler](https://www.theguardian.com/science/brain-flapping/2014/feb/21/time-travellers-kill-adolf-hitler)

>  Go back and bang a neanderthal.

>  Back to the Big Bang, and beyond. I want to know what existed before.

>  Face the most hated emperor of Rome Nero and watch him die

>  Outside my new high school,  October 8th, 2002.

>  Queen concert.

>  Epstein

>  Find out who killed Epstein.

>  To Epstein’s death scene

>  would go back to when the zodiac killer first committed his crime where he went famous

>  A kitchen somewhere.

>  Epstein's cell

>  Go to the past and break up my parents before I was born.

>  DINOSAURS!

>  Drink some wine with Jesus

>  go to Epstein's jail cell and proof that he didn't kill himself

>  The bathroom when right after I come back from Taco Bell

>  The great plague and throw bread at the people with the bird mask.

>  Go back in time and kill Gavrilo Princip. I understand that tensions were high in Europe regardless of the assassination of Archduke Franz Furdinand however maybe it would have stayed cold without it.

>  To the day I die

>  I don’t go anywhere, I wait til my chest hurts and then i undo

>  I go to an alternate dimension where the only food in existence is banana bread

>  Back to the 16th century to write a little play called "Die hard" and kick Shakespeare in the face.

>  https://media0.giphy.com/media/cc2xeIKDoqXIs/giphy.gif?cid=4d1e4f29f7421f86cc64ffbfc5f0a26d92200da3ccf4794f&rid=giphy.gif

>  Back when I was supposed to be born, tell me mum to engage in an abortion. 
I don't need no Wikipedia to do that

>  Northern Africa 110 million years ago to see wtf Spinosaurus actually looked like and how it lived

>  Last Thursday, just to try it out.

>  Probably go back all the way before world war 2 get hired at a art school, then accept hitler as a student

>  I'd just go to CWCville

>  Wiki: where was hitler borne?

>  I would go back in time and see if the myth of Atlantis was true or false

>  Age of dinosaurs.

>  Thursday two weeks ago, I had an amazing pizza and I want it again. Fuck yeah pizza.

>  I would go back to dinosaurs, duplicate the meteor and remake it now

>  3 blocks down the road from where Hitler was born the year he was born with a syringe containing the polio disease

>  Dinosaurs. Must get dinosaurs

>  I want to see Jesus die.

>  Back to the dinosaur times to duplicate some fucking dinosaurs

>  I'll go to the 11/11/1111 at 11:11am

>  Can I edit Wikipedia? That affects my answer a lot.

>  Go re-write the script for Phantom Menace.

>  To the future to see if global warming is legit

>  The first set of brazzers... happy no nut November it’s over boys!

>  I'd go back to the day I was born and beat the sh*t outa the doctor who first pulled me out so he'd drop me

>  Probably to 1975 to stop my parents from meeting.

>  Find all inhabitable planets, check it out recklessly, record and post the after math.

>  First I would go kill baby Hitler, then watch some dinosaurs... Then off to discover The Beatles.

>  I'd go back to find sexy times with famous people, cloak myself and join in. Replicator is for penicillin, lube and a spiked butt plug for Hitler and Pence.

>  Go watch Jesus bool our on some non believers

>  I'd go back to a month ago when I hadn't yet ruined my friendship with an amazing person.

>  Hitler: taking piss

Me: a shit to early that’s not Hitler damn



[0]
>  Dinosaurs and pyramids here we go, with a quick stop for Bitcoin

>  Do I get future Wikipedia as well?

>  Bathroom. Always, before you go out.

>  I go and get my dog as a puppy again.

I miss her.

>  JFK assassination to see if there was a shooter on the grassy knoll and then never tell anyone what I saw. That or two years ago to cock block myself so I don't like my cheating ex.

>  1991 to the Metallica Concert in Moscow.

>  I'd go to the late 60s. Acid tests, grateful dead shows, Woodstock. Shit like that.

>  [deleted]

>  Draw a dickbutt on ancient hieroglyphs.

>  Go see some of the Metallica and Slayer shows in the 80s and 90s, see Pantera and Pink Floyd too.

>  Ancient Egypt

>  Into the future to get all the lottery numbers for the next 100 years Sims style 😂

>  I'll just go travel past and meet my cat who's dead😭

>  To when they built let the pyramids

>  Barcelona

>  I would watch the explosions and aftermath of Chernobyl 


As long as the time machine is air tight

>  Tell my past self to spend more time with dad before it's too late

>  The week before my brother overdosed.  To go stay with him and my dad and be there to stop him.

>  Probably go to the bathroom and take a shit

>  I'd find out how the pyramids were built first.  Maybe Atlantis next.

>  Pornhub

>  I go play with my fucking dog

>  Bathroom and take a bath.

>  I would go back in time and stop reddit from happening. ;)

>  Sibiria

>   Back to yesterday, when my dog was still alive.

>  To see if my uncle or my dad made me

>  The Future and see if Pornhub added new categories if we ever met aliens. 
In short I wanna fap to some alien chicks.

>  I’m interested in all the amenities that a time-bathroom has to offer. I bet it has a bidet. I’d definitely check that out right away.

>  Go back to the origin of country music and curb stomp the living shit out of the fucking guitar fuck country music

>  Wikipedia? Ok, so I go back in time to Germany, 1939, when Trump first started colluding with the Russians.

>  My first stop would be telling my teen self to buy 10k Bitcoin

>  Pangea.

>   No doubt steal my dog from my past self. Worth the paradox.

>  To bed. This week has been exhausting. I'll fuck with this time machine next week.

>  A+ reference

>  I go a couple days into the past and give myself the winning lottery numbers

>  Back to the end of August. I gotta do some shit differently

>  The bathroom. Now

>  I'd see if the ancient aliens theory checks out.

>  Time to absolutely screw with history.

>  Not again.

>  bathroom, i gotta take a huge shit

>  the very first muse concert

>  1950's

>  2016

>  Get some tampons and vodka and knock myself out

>  Wait, what would happen if I went sideways in time?

>  1980s

>  Doomsday

>  why wikipedia tho ?

>  Hope this doesn't sound too morbid, but I think it would be fascinating to see the Titanic go down. It would be hard to watch what happened to the people, but just watching the boat itself sink and comparing it to Hollywood I think would be really interesting.

>  I would go to the bathroom first like right away

>  Going back to when Fortnite didn’t exist

>  Triassic–Jurassic extinction event; needless to say I wont be staying long.

>  Definitely the bathroom.

>  May seem shallow, but I’m learning the winning numbers to several lotteries and helping myself out

>  Four years back in time so I can see my childhood cat again

>  Travel back to the time right before the burning of Alexandria, and save that shit.

>  Become the one who ended WWII

>  The well right before the biggest jackpot in lot history

>  To 2007.

>  Chernobyl

>  Ancient egypt

>  Witness the black death at its grimmest

>  I'm more interested in the future than the past. So I think I'd hop 150 years in the future, then another 50, and another until I figured out when we were really starting to explore the galaxy. I'd like to be there for that.

>  Spend too much time looking at Wikipedia and never decide

>  Let's do the time warp again!

>  Revloutiny war 1776

>  Basically Legends of Tomorrow huh?

>  Chernobyl

>  I'm gonna hit the randomizer on Wikipedia and take it from there.

>  2016.

>  Chin a

>  Bathroom to surf wikipedia.

>  Go to Egypt at the time of the Pyramids and clap me some Alien Cheeks

>  Probably to my own past to un-fuck some shit, because I'm at least a little selfish like that.

>  I would watch Aesop Rocks entire life this dude has the biggest vocabulary in the world (literally) and his music is amazing and my English teacher would get as hard as a rock if he saw me write with that extensive of a vocabulary.

>  Immediately winning the largest, relatively recent, Powerball and staying in that timeline by offering the other me the ability to do the same... endlessly...

>  The bathroom.

>  I'd go back to the first time I met my dog

>  If I have all of the above then I'll wait for 20mins and go back 15mins back in time. Wait for 20mins again again and repeat. There will be 5 of us then. And I can then increase my productivity in life 5 times.

>  I would go back to invent PornHub.

>  The bathroom.

>  2008

>  About 30 min ago before i went into a deep thought about it

>  Bathroom. I just woke up.

>  Ancient Athens. Always been fascinated by Ancient Athens

>  Be a Janet

>  First I would go to see how the seven wonders of ancient world looked like an right after how Constantinopole looked like when it was still roman and then byzantine

>  Next week or something to get lottery numbers.

>  Id go back to Nov of 1963 to stop JFK from starting war with Russia.

>  Back in time and shot the asshole that proposed wikipedia as a reliable source of information.

>  Go back and say hello to my dog.

>  The bathroom. I have a child's bladder

>  id be really tempted to fuck up all of human history

>  The fuck away from here.

>  Yesterday. Upload to Wikipedia.

>  The 80's...

>  1812

>  Next stop, everywhere.

>  If im completely safe, chernobyl reactor nr 4, 26 April 1986

>  100 year war, let's go fuck Joan of D'Arc. Alter.

>  I'm a soppy twat, back to the first time I saw my wife and fell in love.

>  The bathroom.

>  This very time but a town away so I can cuddle my gf.

>  I would head back to the ancient pyramids of Egypt in a new Cybertruck and blow their fucking minds.

>  The bathroom, always good idea if your about to spend a lot of time travelling.

>  To the year 1006 to witness the brightest supernova in recorded history.

>  Stop 9/11

>  Pop out of cloak to hand Joan of Arc a sword and tell her to defeat the French when she's a kid.

>  make luni lucas parents have them not met eachother so that gacha shit don't exist cause my sister nearly got influence by it cause of gay incest stories

>  Future, not too far tho. Around the time of the next election. See who wins.  Depending on that depends if I just go back to my time or if I continuously go through the 2000 - 2019 time period.

>  bathroom

>  1979 San Francisco California. Rig the mayoral election so that Jello from the Dead Kennedys wins. He had some good ideas but it’d be mostly for the chaos, and Diane Feinstein wouldn’t be out here being the same faux liberal she is today, or at least she wouldn’t have the same platform for it.

>  Go watch some sports matches/events that weren't recorded but were amazing for one reason or another

>  19.08.2001

>  I go to the bathroom because I gotta go pee.

>  Miami in the 80s

>  What about Wookiepedia

>  To the bathroom.

>  I’d go to the 1950s to tell everyone that cigarettes are terrible and provide evidence

>  The racetrack and the casinos

>  First save my uncle from death if it doesn't cause a paradox or timeloop. Later explore ancient civilizations and probably explore dinosaurian eras.

>  [deleted]

>  Italy in the 70s. My dad grew up super poor and they couldn’t afford to have pictures and I’ve always wondered what he looked like.

>  Not to save Kennedy. An English teacher once told me that wouldn’t go so well.

>  You basically described the plot of legends of tomorrow.

>  Change one of Beethoven or Mozart's music to Megalovania or gourmet race

>  To the bathroom. Gotta check it out.

>  1962: Cuban Missile Crisis, I'd see how the Cubans reacted, how kruschev reacted and the living conditions of the USSR

>  Back to before Wikipedia was created and create wikipedia.

>  I am so dumb and inept I roll over on the devices breaking them while I am asleep

>  Any time before or after any fucking people exist.

>  Bathroom. Always go to the bathroom first.

>  The last day I saw my dad alive, would treat him differently.

>  Try to stop vandal savage

>  I'm going back and betting on sports for fun.
Next stop, the Kennedy assassination. 
A brief stop in Gettysburg for the battle. 
Signing of the declaration and telling them to clarify the 2nd amendment. 
Off to see the great pyramids built.

>  r/oddlyspecific

>  2016 election amd change that shit

>  Right before the Sumerians.

>  Bruh I'm skipping 6 years into the future where I've successfully finished my degree, immigration and I'm living with my gf

>  The bathroon

>  To the bathroom

>  I would go stop Lil Peep from overdosing.

>  Well, I first get rid of Wikipedia because it's biased and useless and then I instantly travel to Ancient Mesopotamia. That period sounds really interesting.

>  To watch two samurai duel

>  Go to my house a week earlier so I can go fuck myself like everyone's telling me to do

>  PIRATES!

>  Memphis 1954 time to watch rock n roll get invented

>  November 30, 1973, Gävle, Sweden. Would have loved to see them steal the goat.

>  Go back in time and smack the shit out of my 13 year old self cause he was a little peice of shit.

>  Wikipedia onviously

>  you mean the waverider from legends of tomorrow?

>  Go get the infinty stones

>  I would go to before the industrial revolution and with Wikipedia’s knowledge, I would be the first to invent shit like the steam engine, trains, how to use effectively electricity, the first factory etc..

>  The bathroom

>  I would go back to 1985 meet my mom and spend as much time with her as I can. Seing as I didn’t get to spend a lot of time with her

>  The bathroom.

>  I think I'd go to the bathroom first, then the bedroom.

>  id go back 1 years ago and stop myself from drinking dirty water that had flowers dipped in it, that my dad contained in my Tymbark bottle. i reserved my tymbark (its basically apple mint juice) for a hot day. when i took it, it was a little less yellow, i thought it was the cold (but my dad drank it and replaced it with dirty flower water). but when i actually took a sip, it tasted like dirty rainwater. i almost puked. 

rip Tymbark

>  Id steal the most dapper masquerade gear, go to the carnival during the renaissance in Italy, make sure I have lots of condoms and get my fuck on

>  my youth

>  the bathroom

>  Galifrey

>  First, I would go back one and give my past self the winning Powerball numbers for this week.

>  To my last math exam...

>  I go to last week and fly over Washington D.C. with the cloak at half power.

>  I’d go back in time to stop Christianity and give all the smart egg heads and inventors books which will make them smarter so we’ll have a boosted society.

>  If I poop in the time travelling bathroom, then travel back in time, is there still poop in the bathroom?

>  Pawn shop.  They'll give me a fair price.

>  In the bathroom. Usually right after first waking.

>  Bathroom..

>  Gonna see Pink Floyd pulse concert in '94

>  A mcr concert

>  I would attend a lot of concerts from the past.  I am not sure which would be first.  Definitely would spend a lot of time in the 1990 s.

>  2016

>  Give it to a teacher and watch him/her get mad at the fact it has Wikipedia.

>  r/suspicouslyspecific

>  I would stop the production of Boku no Pico

>  Studio 54. In the 70s. It looked like a lot of fun.

>  Era of dinosaurs. Always was fascinated by them.

>  Get drunk with historical figures. Whiskey with Caesar and shit like that

>  I would go to yesterday. Just as a test. Safety is number one priority.

>  Pyramids

>  To the bathroom.

>  Piss in Caesar's lemonade then wrestle genghis khan

>  To the past to kick the crap out of me when I was a kid.

>  Back to when I was born and Stop it. Fuck living, it's boring.

>  1939

>  What, no sonic screwdriver?

>  Go steal manga from the future and read everything to spoil it for thise manga cunts who spoil it for me (btw in a hybrid) I read and watch anime/manga

>  Penis

>  >Where/when do you go first?

Probably Wikipedia...

>  The bathroom

>  To the bathroom

>  Go and check who made the pyramids.
If aliens sell that information to history tv.
If not aliens, smack that information on the face of history tv.

>  I'll go and screw some roman bitc*es in 69 a.c.

>  Back in time to swap Wikipedia for a more ‘reliable source’

>  Back to 2002, to prevent myself from marrying my ex.

>  I'd travel to yesterday to stop stupid past me drinking a fuck load of tequila

>  Chernobyl

>  I go to the bathroom first.

>  I'm gonna fuck me an ancient alien

>  Can’t you download the entirety of Wikipedia?

>  i will try the first Weed of this World.

>  World war two

>  To the bathroom

>  Wikipedia

>  S

>  England back in the 60's, gonna see a few of those Pink Floyd concerts with Syd still in the band.

>  I’d go back in time and get a pet dinosaur

>  Ancient Egypt and Atlantis

>  Show me whats behind ancient egypt Cleo hit door #1. 

They said the first vibrators were bees stuffed into folded reeds. Let me get that marc strange and I'll see what I can do to the future of humanity

>  Stop miley cyrus 👀

>  Seduce my future wife when she's little and visit her every 2 or 3 years. That sounds really creepy but it's okay cause her dad gets to kill me

>  I'm gonna go check if cleopatra was hot af or ugly af. Because I'm positive it's one of those two. No middle ground.

>  Six months into the past so I can say goodbye to my dad, or at least spend his last night alive with him. (Sorry about the depressing answer it's just the first thing I thought of)

>  to the future to stop more programming languege's from been created

>  The past, before my wife left.

>  To pee.

>  The entirety of Wikipedia, but no Pornhub? I dont know... How much time am I gonna travel?

>  2014. Miami

>  Just a week in the future. Get all the lotto numbers and become rich. Same with shares and sport matches

>  To the bathroom.

>  I'm going to the start of the internet era and convince everyone Wikipedia is a reliable source

>  Hogwarts - to be with the other normal kids.

>  to the future to see what mr beast's last to leave challenge

>  A fucking library to get better information to go on.

>  Dallas, Nov 22nd 1963, and save John F. Kennedy.

>  Paging /u/neiltyson

>  Tutturuuu

>  The racetrack

>  I’m staying right there as long as I have internet. My own private paradise where I can have whatever I want? Sign me up!

>  To her *dab*

>  I wouldnt do shit and I'd just use it for little things. Wanna chill instead of doing homework? Fuck it, I'll do it yesterday

>  McDonald's for cheezeburg

>  Bathroom?..

>  The cloak will do.

>  Back to 1886, to taste the very first Coca-Cola recipe.

>  Commit war crimes while nobody is watching! And make my own contry

>  Hol up.If there's bathroom where did the pipe went to?

>  1999 Morioh

>  To the bathroon

>  This question was just asked but I would go see all the legends of Rock and music I'll never get to see.. Hendrix, Dimebag, M. JACKSON, Cobain, Bowie, Elvis..

>  To myself when I’m a boomer

>  To the future if aliens / other species really exist

>  Does “the entirety of wikipedia” depend on the time period you’re in, or is it a snapshot as it is on 12/1/19? Basically do we get new info in the future time?

>  To the bathroom!

>  over there

>  The bathroom.

Always go before a long journey.

>  I pop back in time and shove a load into Mary without Joseph seeing. It’ll cause shit for the next 2000+ years!

>  I’d go to a bunch of concerts: Live Aid, Woodstock, Bowie, the Stones, The Beatles, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Mozart, Vivaldi, Green Day’s first gig, early Panic! at the Disco, Janis Joplin, etc.

>  I'll go see Cleopatra.

>  Befriend my dude Julius Caesar

>  i'd travel back in time and stop the Romans from burning the Great Library of Alexandria

>  I go back to when the Titanic sank, get my self a boat, and head to it's sinking location and wait.

>  Id go back to see if I'm making a terrible mistake with this whole atheism thing...

>  The bathroom

>  Probably to when coca cola had cocaine in it

>  To the bathroom. It's gonna be a long ride.

>  I have a house built in the 1880's. I'd love to see it after it was first built.

>  Go to my past self and tell him what is going to happen so that an alternative ME won't live it

>  I go test out the bathroom first.

>  Id like to see the ancient rome. Mostly to see the temples and statues in an good shape.

>  The bathroom

>  I take a dinosaur egg and give it to Spielberg a day before Jurassic park coes out

>  Where: the bathroom
When: 4 minuttes before than when it is needed

>  Travel back in time and make dogs and cats the dominant species

>  Lotto numbers, I'm aiming for youuuuuu

>  In it

>  FOR THE GLORY OF THE BASILEUS

>  I would go 5 min into the past to steal the time machine from myself, so I can have two.

>  The exit

>  WWII. There is a lot of information about that one point in history and I have been fascinated with the vast amount of knowledge there is

>  Is the Wikipedia the Wikipedia of now or the Wikipedia of the future?

>  S döeenöb

>  To the bathroom. Definitely.

>  Go back 3 years and slap the shit outta myself for wanting a white cat.
He’s beautiful and I love him, but the white hair on everything...
I vacuum the floor and furnace several times a week and brush him. There’s no stopping it, this is just my life until he dies.

>  Probably go grave robbing of some tomb after everyone has or take pictures with great historical landmarks, great pyramid of Giza before the marble on its faces where stolen. leaning tower of piza before it started leaning and shit like that. But also to take photos with historical figures like George Washington and Winston Churchill.

>  Back to my conception, fuck that shit

>  Firstly go to the day after powerball numbers announced. I'd be careful with the past, I like my wife and child. I wouldn't want a world without them. Don't want to accidentally step on a fish that was a direct relative and screw everything up.

>   I would probably go to the bathroom.

>  The Great Emu War

>  Comiccon

>  The Talking Heads show that was filmed to make Stop Making Sense is always my #1 first stop in any time machine. Then I'd have to think about it

>  Probably the bathroom to ask reddit where to go first given that I have a time machine with a bathroom.

>  Back to when my kids were little.

>  I would go to the garden of Eden.

>  garden eden to seduce adam

>  Id go back and spend time with my grandpa. as much time as i can.

>  Away from here.

>  First stop — Trader Joe’s last week for pumpkin pie. 
Next stop — DINOSAURS!

>  I would consistently purchase lottery tickets for my friends, but each number would always be one number higher than the jackpot.

>  To my teachers to show them that clearly Wikipedia is a valid source if it’s in my fucking time machine

>  The bathroom. I just woke up and nature calls

>  Go to the Pope in 1527 and give the Swiss Guard some rifles, bullets, and modern military training.

>  Then the winged hussars arrived

>  N

>  Then the winged hussars arrived

>  Yesterday, to play today’s lottery numbers

>  To the bathroom

>  1980

>  Back in time to document important events that have little to none documentation

>  For the first week or two I'd probably just use the cloak, replicator and wikipedia to get some me time.

>  Ancient Egypt to figure out how they built the pyramids.

>  Penis

>  I would head back in 1956 and would watch Elvis Presley produce his No. 1 hit.

>  Bathroom

>  I'd be a Civil War era homewrecker and go back to 1861/62ish and seduce Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain.  Gotta get there before the Battle of Petersburg to make sure he can still function.

>  Brooklyn, n.y.c 1996

>  Back to the day when I met the woman who would become my wife. I would have 30 more years joy, growth, shared struggles, and the continual nurturing of the love we felt for each other right up until the moment she died.

>  I go to next week yo get the powerball

>  I go save Tupac's life and spend the rest of my days drowning in fine black pussy

>  I’m going to see what in the fuck built the great pyramids

>  Go back in time to save my little sister from dying and then do the same for my uncle.

>  I'm selfish. I'll go back to past to save my self in the future. Emotionally, physically and financially.

>  Tomorrow.  See the lotto numbers.

>  Try to stop the Holocaust.

>  I want to go to 1692 and see Bridget Bishop and the other witch trials unfold in Salem.

What in sam hell was really going on

>  Somewhen before the burning of the Library of Alexandria. I've always been curious as to what our civilization could've been if it were still standing today

>  Sounds like I am a Legend (of Tomorrow) now.

>  I would stop time, go to the bathroom and then to the bed to get a week of sleep.

>  Get the winning numbers for lottery

>  Go back in time and spoil movies on reddit before they are released

>  Realistically? The bathroom.

>  To the bathroom

>  Jerk off

>  To the bathroom, right away.

>  To take a shit in my private bathroom.

>  I would go back to the day I met my best friend and watch our friendship unfold

>  I'd go forward in time to see if lasor hooka's exist and if they do get one bring one back to the present and smoke the shit outta that thing in Times Square no less. Gotta make sure the laser hooka has a rainbow disco mode too just for that extra zing.

>  To last night 10pm and restart my nights sleep

>  I would go to the Jurassic Period to see if the dinosaurs had hair.

>  Back to the argument I had yesterday and use that comeback I thought of last night

>  I'd to back to Rome and give Julius Caesar a gun

>  To the Taino people in 1491 and tell them if you see a fair skinned guy in a few boats, invite all his people inside and murder them and sink the boats.

>  find a time where my terrible looks would get me a 15/10 gf then take her home

>  Id try meet Joshua Norton or Michael Malloy

>  Ight

>  Get a cat, live in the woods, make herbal remedies, get accused of witchcraft, and get burned at the stake.

>  I'mma see a Lil Peep concert. R.I.P

>  I’m a little caught up on “the entirety of Wikipedia” because thats not printed right?

>  Stop JFK from being assassinated. Same with JFK Jr. Gotta get back to the better timeline.

>  Steal a dino egg

>  Ngantukkkkk

>  Back to the classical era of music, to one-up Mozart and Beethoven with the synth/sampler/sequencer I've drooling over for two years. (Teenage engineering's OP-1)

>  The bathroom

>  Now is the entirety of wikepedia from the present or when it is complete/after the last entry somtime in the future

>  Well, it would have to stop tragic events, then my own selfishness.

>   I stop 9/11

>  just fucking save the lives of a shit load of kids starving to death right now, what are you talking about.

>  Yesterday to stop robbery of pewdiepies house

>  Well not before electricity was invented because I wouldn’t have access to the internet which means there’s no going back to the future (no pun intended).

>  I take a big shit in the on board bathroom first

>  [deleted]

>  Wait, the entirety of wikipedia? The servers too?

>  go 3 months back and dont fuck that girl who is a friend of my now ex gf ...

i loved her

>  To kill Nixon so I can smoke weed.

>  42069



[6]
>  To Reddit HQ in 2008 to find out how karma works

>  Go listen to my great grandpa play music

>  Tudor England.

>  September 10, 2001

>  "Hey Columbus, this isn't India."

"It isn't? Oh well, let's go back crew."

>  to see my grandpa during ww2

>  I just stay out of time and look for a rag tag group of heroes who can help me stop various temporal anomalies.

>  I would stop my mother's murder.

>  Probably London, to pick up Rose Tyler.

>  A fucking antibiotics store.

I'm not dying to preventable diseases.

>  Go and stop myself from doing dumbshit so it's easier for me to sleep at night

>  First trip would be to my grandpa's to tell him to get him to get that pain in his side checked.

>  Go back to prevent that moment when I was at the cinema with my crush and when the snacks-guy asked me if I wanted Cheese, Salsa or Sour Cream for my nachos, and my reply was "yes".

>  Woodstock

>  1969 Woodstock

>  Obviously I’ll go to October 21,2015 to fly the hoverboar-... wait a minute...

>  To the 5th of November, 1955 ! :D

>  Woodstock

>  1985 to prevent myself from being born.

>  I'd go to 1776 NYC to try and get a piece of Marquis De Lafayette's french booty.

>  Infinite rice pudding.

>  [Unlimited rice pudding](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPODghAr3Vc).

>  I do research on my favorite porn videos & watch from afar

>  October

>  Becoming jesus before jesus multiplying bread an fishes before him

>  See who shot in the shot heard round the world

>  Do I have a bable  fish or some other instant translator?

>  Who cares. "First" no longer applies.

>  Hi Gabe

>  I hit random article, and off I go to some random African village!

>  I'd just use it to bang women through out history but I'm a shitty selfish person.

>  Its specially job for women.

>  clap some neanderthal cheeks

>  I wanna see my grandpa again.

>  Woodstock

>  Do some betting in sports. At least every final is on wikipedia.

>  Do I get an infinitly powerful radiation shield and a super heat shield?

Because if so I'm going to check out tsar bomba with my own 2 eyes

>  Duh.. Wyld Styllyns concert.

>  use the matter replicator to repair damaged dna and therefore prevent aging. that or go to the end of the universe and prevent heat death

>  Well duh the first trip is to kill Hitler, after that well I dunno, drinks with Hemingway in Key West?

>  Home.

>  Alive 2007

>  Bet at sporting events

>  I would go to Berlin in 1941 to join my favorite side

>  Bet on every super bowl

>  Dealy Plaza, with a hi-rez handheld video camera, panning all over the place at the appropriate moments.

>  Some random place i made up in 4th grade while changing some page

>  First I’d ask what to do on the internet,preferably on reddit

>  The battle of Milvian bridge.

>  I'm going to woodstock!

>  Track ted bundy and see all of his victims. Also, see H.H. Holmes construct his hotel.

>  man, just astral project. so much easier and less complicated.

>  JFK assassination. But I'll be trying to follow Lee Harvey Oswald's every move.

>  Stop dimebag's murder.

>  1955 and i stay there because the 60's will soon be starting

>  [unlimited rice pudding.](https://youtu.be/wPODghAr3Vc)

>  Look for an immortality drug in the future.

>  Start of Friday night. Then on Sunday night, start of Friday night.

>  Woodstock

>  1989, East Berlin. The main Stasni HQ. Vlad, line 1

>  Home.

>  my conception to stop it

>  Gallifrey

>  First off to Venice ...become the re-renessaince man...hobnob with DaVinci ..canoodle with Mona Lisa and Dine with the Pope...replicator would be used for getting appropriate clothes on arrival...cloaking device would be to escape from Mona Lisa's husband coming at me with a hatchet.

>  Woodstock.

>  To the 19th century London.

>  Home.

>  Park it on the halfway line at hampden in the final minute during the Scottish cup final 2015. Open the door and trip up David Raven as he breaks past to score the winning goal for Inverness Caledonian Thistle against Falkirk

:(

>  28 october 1943, Philadelphia

>  I don't know, but I have until Tuesday to do it all because that's my next dialysis treatment.

>  Find excalibur in England

>  December 2010...... I only hope everything is the same

>  My final goal would be unlimited rice pudding.

>  Woodstock 1969

>  Go back to the past to hunt and defeat an immortal tyrant with a band of misfits and heroes.

>  Infinite rice pudding

>  May 31st, 1916, The North Sea. Bridge of HMS Iron Duke, Flagship of the British Grand Fleet. Let's see what a proper battleship slugfest would have looked like had Admiral Jellicoe not turned away.

>  Break the cloaking device like a true Doctor

>  Go and say goodbye to my grandma 😢

>  Unlimited rice pudding

>  Whenever me and my crush get together

>  House of the bully who tried to jerk my dick during 6th grade swim class.

>  Woodstock.....I wasn't alive back then

>  To when I was 15 to tell myself to stop doing drugs

>  A junkyard in London in 1963

>  2150 to see if we have interstellar speed.

>  June 8th 1987

>  To a random wasteland and slice frieza in half.

>  I would kill whoever invented school.

>  Whatever you guys decide to do, *please* abide by [Bulletin 1147](https://www.abyssapexzine.com/wikihistory/) and stop trying to kill Hitler!

>  unlimited rice pudding

>  I'l find out how Greek fire is made

>  Vienna, sometime in 1907. I'm gonna force the Academy of Fine Arts to accept a random street painter named Adolf.

>  I would first find out the history and the name of the nameless Viking at Stamford Bridge. 

Afterwards, stop Arnotts from ruining Shapes.

>  [obligatory unlimited rice pudding](https://youtu.be/wPODghAr3Vc)

>  The 21st night of September.

>  London 1879 , 

i wanna meet my Great Grandpa Again ❣

>  2019 Champions League final, where I replicate the ref to one who says that it wasn’t a penalty

>  I would generate unlimited rice pudding.

>  Morning  of November 17th 2012

>  Castle Donnington England 1980-present.  Monsters of Rock here I come. Just need to remember not to stand near the front for Iron Maiden in 1988.

>  unlimited rice pudding

>  Concerts! Classic Fleetwood Mac for sure.

My husband wants to go to the 1954 World Cup final.

>  Jimi Hendrix's set at Woodstock

>  Home

>  June 3rd, 2003. At the mall, a kid made fun of the way I walk. I want him eliminated.

>  Apparently you go to reddit to find out what to do next.

>  home

>  Not exactly the same conditions (no cloaking, matter replication, and entirety of Wikipedia), but there's already a tutorial for that.

https://youtu.be/wPODghAr3Vc

>  Home

>  Kill Adam and eve lol

>  Europe. 1972.

>  I'd have unlimited rice pudding

>  1066. It seems interesting and I believe much of the conflict is rather biased in the writings and tapestries.

Or

1666. To see the great fire of London.

>  The patent office

>  I would go back a week and stop my husband from dying on that stupid motorcycle.

>  To the time when I made a presentation in class pretending I was electrocuting someone while singing a cringe song, thinking about it makes me cry

>  London, to stop the Daleks.

>  Home

>  My own conception, to prevent it.

>  Home.

>  I’d go see Jesus either walk on water or make miracles

>  November, 14 of 2003

>  Stay at home and replicate all my drugs and die

>  Tudor England.

>  To the time jfk was shot so I can prevent it

>  To when Adam and eve ate the forbidden fruit so I can prevent myself from being born.

>  1978- I'd worn Niki Lauda not to race in the German grand Prix (at the nurburgring)

>  2019 home where the internet is

>  Home

>  September 17th 1994/ to stop my conception

>  November 5th 1955 the night that a lightning strike hit the clock tower, forever freezing the time.

>  Go to the past and get some of that *unlimited rice pudding*

>  I'd go home to Gallifrey.

>  September 1st, 2001, NYC.  Set up some modern cameras at strategic spots around and inside the buildings.  Then drop them on the internet so everyone knew it was a controlled demo.

>  To the stock market.

>  Name it screaming firehawk.

>  October 4th 2019.

>  Stop Bill and Ted from telling the Nazi party to "Party on."

>  I'd make unlimited rice putting

>  Gallifrey

>  I would go to the time where adam ate the apple & Fu@# EVA! Then yo all will be my grand grandchildren

>  November 22, 1963. 6th Floor of the book depository.

>  Home

>  Go back in time and force Rosa Parks to the back of the bus

>  1995, a wonderful man needs my help.

>  Go to the seige of of vennia and rekk the ottomen with a abrams tank, and bombers.

>  2001 9/11 to stop terroristic attacks

>  The great molasses flood of 1919. I GOTTA know what a 15-foot tall wave of molasses looks like. I just gotta.

8700 CUBIC METRES!! How do you even begin to visualize that?
 Plus, you could probably save about 20 people from dying horribly 🤷

>  Go to 1936 and tell Neville Chamberlain to STOP GIVING GERMANY HALF OF EUROPE

>  1917 Russia, would be sick to see one man throw over an entire monarchy.

>  The battle of Stamford bridge.  I want to see that berserker in action!

>  Just read about Babe Ruth on wikipedia, gotta meet that guy. I knew he was a beast, but i forgot how much of a beast.

>  Sign my name on the mona lisa

>  Kill Adam and Eve.

>  To whoever's made America's public school system and murder them

>  [removed]

>  Wikopinion? I wouldn't follow a street sign if it came from there.



[2]
>  I would go to the 4th of September 2006 and save Steve irwin, he was my hero :)

>  January 1994. My first house. I interrupt my parents having sex.

>  Go back and save my sister from drowning

>  I'm bringing 2000 rnds and the will to save the Library of Alexandria.

>  First I save my dad, then I save my dog

>  Library of Alexandria, a few months before it burns

>  All the concerts I never got to see. Particularly if the artist is now deceased

>  To see my mom alive again

>  Ancient Greece because they preferred small penises

>  To save my mom april 2/2013.

>  I would go back 74 years and give Donald Trump's father a condom.

>  Germany,1932

>  The café

Is the Wikipedia 100% true?

>  2 hours not to make the joke that ruined a friendship

>  Put out the fire in the library of Alexandria

>  I'd go back to end of last year and see my nana.

>  I go and save all the children who were victims of brutal murders/terrorist attacks

>  9 months before my birth to give my parents a condom

>  To July of 1995 to stop myself from being conceived

>  Prevent the fire of the Library of Alexandria. Travel 2K years again and see what difference it made.

>  I would save the library of alexandria

>  probably go to 2009 and tell my dad it isnt ok to cheat on my mom while im still 4.

>  To the bathroom. My mom says we should always go before taking a trip.

>  I would go back and save the library at Alexandria.

>  I would go and watch my parents grow up, I have always wanted to see how they were when they were young.

>  Go to the Library of Alexandria.

>  Do some investing in all the big companies while they’re still startups (Apple, Amazon, Netflix, Google, Microsoft, all that).

>  \>Be a minority

\>Going back in time

&#x200B;

No thank you. Unless I'm equipped with a pistol/rifle combo with unlimited ammo and makes no noises when firing and a pouch with food and water that'll last until the end of the universe that's a hard no from me!

>  When my dad left my mom. I want to see his reaction and how he felt about leaving three children, two of which were toddlers.

>  i would got to 42069 year

>  Wherever scarlet johanson is at age 20.....and than kate backinsale.....

>  Greece

>  Stand in the background of every famous painting I can find throughout history.

>  Go back to the day I would’ve been conceived and stop that.

>  9 months before my birth to give my parents extra condoms.

>  Austria 1889, I've got a baby Hitler to kill.

>  Ancient Greece! im trying to be a Spartan!

>  see if what they say about ancient Judaism is true.

>  I'll just stay living in there, probably better than my own house

>  I go to the year 21928274999 and see what's left

>  The emo era

>  Back to your moms house last night

>  1988 - San Dimas, California    
I want to witness the birth of the greatest band in the history of the world.

>  Ops moms house, probably.

>  Slip a condom on trump's father.

>  Jeffery Epstein’s jail cell, Metropolitan Correctional Center. August 10, 2019

>  Go back to 5th grade and tell my self to man up and stop being a pussy

>  The year 1150 for the time and the White Cliffs of Dover for the location.

>  To pewdiepies house before it got robbed to stop tge robber

>  I would go back to stop trump

>  I'm gonna go and meet Mr. Rogers

>  The day I was conceived

>  15 years ago and hang out with my Mom.

>  Im getting me a dodo and a dwarf mammoth.

>  Joe Mama's house hahaha

>  The vatican's secret vault current time.

>  BRB, gonna go turn water into wine and distribute beaucoup loaves and fishes

>  Roanoke.

>  I'd go to the year 1995 and save Selena Quintanilla from getting shot

>  What fuels it?

>  The hospital i was born in,on my birthday.

>  Your moms house

>  Go to Austria to murder a painter ofc.

>  I'd go to the Polish president in 1933 and say: "invaded Germany before it's too late"

>  Go back in time to hang out with Alan Watts. Then stop in to meet Carl Sagan

>  im trying to locate joe mamma

>  [This has always been relevant.](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=2&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwiMp-bn7pPmAhUGbn0KHZPjAToQwqsBMAF6BAgKEAc&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DwPODghAr3Vc&usg=AOvVaw13xXzm1kM72m4hm6yrwJzh)

>  The Library of Alexandria

>  I would save my dad from dying i know its sad

>  You’re mom’s house

>  My birth because I want to know what is true and what not.

>  I'd like to save the Library of Alexandria

>  Travel to 21 November 1963 and warn John f Kennedy about his assassination.
And then travel to 14 April 1865 and warn Abraham Lincoln about his assassination.
Then find Kim Jong un as a baby and then (pulls out 357 magnum).

>  I'll go and give my parents a condom

>  Terra, year 40,000

>  Save JFK
See my favorite artists live in concert 
Get all the hard to find/rare games while they were new.

>  Last Friday, figure out where I left my phone..

>  I go back to the moment in which I was conceived, then I kill my dad before he can leave. Payback, bitch!

>  August 10th, 2019 - Metropolitan Correctional Center, NYC.

Need to get the facts straight.

>  "I'm off to Alexandria! I've got a library to save!"

>  [This](https://youtu.be/wPODghAr3Vc) video perfectly explains what should be done if you have a time machine.

>  Back to when I was conceived to convince my mom to get an abortion

>  when my parents where doing it and give them a condom

>  Fish and chip shop

>  I will use the time machine to get back in 2009 to
prevent my parent from getting groceries. This
will have a chain reaction by stopping my dad
from eating a tomato and choking on it. And 
after that I return in 2019 and have both my parents alive

>  I'd go back in time to get some cream n cheesey  Nik naks, Doritos 3Ds, some old Cadburys dairy milk before Kraft bought em out and visit my favourite fish and chip shop that closed down in 2003... They did gorgeous chip butties...

Yeah I'd probably just be a time traveling stoner with the perma munchies for food I can't get any more tbh

>  The moment when the Atlantic began to flood into what we now know as the Mediterranean Sea.

>  The morning before pewdiepies house got robbed and stop the burglar

>  To tell mom to get the milk

>  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wPODghAr3Vc
This.

>  The year 69, then 420

>  Las Vegas in the 50's looks so cool in pictures.

>  To prevent the burning of The Library of Alexandria.

>  Stop Steve Irwin from swimming in that reef.

>  Prevent the burning of the library of Alexandria

>  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Qi7egXgYcgk

>  To visit my father when he was young. Would lo e to meet him in his prime. Love the old man.

>  Switzerland, to a small town or village called Saas Fee, in 1984!

And to and when they did the studio recording!

And I'll *STOP* it from happening!

Christmas will be a joyous occasion again!

>  In front row of some famous concert. Smoke a joint and go to some pre world war2 nazi rally.

>  To my birth place so I can kill my infant self and save the world lol

>  I write the most successful franchises before the original authors do

>  2001, August 31st

>  The 1904 summer Olympics mens marathon

>  Yo yo yo

>  I'd murder Columbus. 
Stop Krushchev from gaining power.
Kill Hitler.
Save Rosa Luxembourg.
Save Lenin from being shot in the neck.
Save Che Guevara.
Save Bhagat Singh.

So we wouldn't be living in this shit hole of a world.

>  Joe mamma

>  https://youtu.be/wPODghAr3Vc
This Question reminded me if this video

>  I'll go to when Minecraft stopped getting developed. I will avoid it from happening.

>  Meet all those fancy artists

>  Go find all the original sources to clear all missing citation flags on all of Wikipedia

>  Bedroom and to a time when it took about a years to reach other. Goodnight

>  Go back 1 month, and find whoever took my friggin sock.

>  probs my birth

>  I'd save Mufasa.

>  Seattle, August 29th, 1989.

If you know, you know 🤘🤘

>  Stop sir mix alot from making a one hit wonder or burn tyler perrys movie studio to the ground before god decided to with lightning...

>  One word:

Woolworths

>  My hometown in the Middle Ages.

>  Go back and prevent some of the most embarrassing moments in my life from happening

>  To where it all began, the oldest planet in the universe to see what the oldest questions is

>  to go and meet famous peeps through history

>  chester bennington’s house, july 19th 2017

>  Go back to 2018 to save Xxxtentacion's life

>  I would go back to 8th September 1966 and try to be one of the cast members of Star Trek

>  The Metropolitan Correctional Center on august 10th 2019

>  Last month November 12 9-37 am I want to stop my self from dropping my sandwich

>  go and see who moved the huge stones and formed stonehenge.

>  I go save Joseph Stalin, wish me luck comrades.

>  Back three or four months to warn myself not to rent from the scam artist that took all my money and tacked scam phone lines onto my account.

>  To kill my parents and prevent my own birth.

>  Go to 2013 and wish hobi a happy birthday

>  To your mom's house to make you

>  To Steal the Contents of Library of Alexander before it burns

>  The library of Alexandria in 47 BC. Disguise myself as a scholar or so and sneakily steal the knowledge inside it before Julius Ceasar accidentally burns it all.

>  [Future](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk7IDVzLiQo)

>  August 1992. Save the cheerleader. Save (my) world.

>  I wonder how you got the idea

>  I'm meeting [Julie D'Aubigny](https://youtu.be/qFL_JAkWZy8)

>  I would join the French Revolution, help write the most beautiful and stable constitution, boost the cult of reason, and try to prevent the damage that the industrial revolution will bring to our planet.

>  go to the moment i was born and clone my self so my sister will be double pissed taking care of 2 me's

>  To the shops to get some food for wherever I'm going next

>  Is go back in time to a lot of murderers/kidnappers and anon tip off the police. Especially the ones with children.

>  I would try to reach the steins gate

>  I’d go back to when the british flag was designed and give them an image of a ballpoint illustration of pepe the frog and then promptly advise them all to rename king and queen to PepeL and PepePls respectively. God save the Pepe!

>  my crush's house

>  Go back to 1989 to save saab

>  https://youtu.be/wPODghAr3Vc

This

>  Trump’s birth.

>  ur moms house

>  https://youtu.be/RYG5YZL1JCM

>  August 9 1986 Knebworth. The last performance of Queen.

>  Go back to Google's inception, reveal the search formula and ensure some share in the company.

>  I go back and kill Hillary Clinton’s mother thereby stopping the spawn of satan from being squeezed out of her vagina and wreaking havoc upon the world. I truly believe Hillary is ground zero for the divisiveness we see in the world today and  she should have remained in hell. 

I am the man for that job.

>  PAAPⁿ@£APpLol p/ⁿ00@/0 op aq

>  The prehistoric era.

>  To the bookstore to get an enceclopedia britannica…

>  Yo momma's house

>  Go and see the ancient wonders of the world.

>  I'm going Biff style and grabbing an almanac and going a few years in the past

>  Off to meet some relatives, off to find a cool 18,000 year old puppy to save from ice so we can hang out

>  Last summer was nice

>  Save weena

>  Go back in time and covince hitler to be nicer and convince trumps dad to work on his pull out game

>  [Exurb1a wins this one ](https://youtu.be/wPODghAr3Vc)

>  #your mom's house

>  American Revolution

>  Make fire extinguisher and make a quick trip to the Library of Alexandria.

>  5 years back

>  Watch the birth and death of the universe

>  Yo mama’s house to give your dad a condom

>  Save my dad from the unnecessary heart surgery that ended up being fatal

>  to before my parents were about to have me and tell them to use a condom

>  To stopping my parents from having me

>  My first stops are to give Bob Ross and Mr Rogers hugs

>  Back to the start of the American Revolution.

&#x200B;

Give Washington an M-60

>  I would go to Alexandria's library

>  to your moms bedroom

>  The night before my dad passed away so I can give him a hug and tell him I love him one more time.

>  Go to before the start of the industrial revolution and give out solar panels and wind turbines to reduce our depencey on fossil fuels before it starts

>  Back to give Trumps father a box of condoms

>  To where everyone flocks to on google maps, their house.

>  I would go back and patronize a painter.

>  This pretty much sums it up https://youtu.be/wPODghAr3Vc

>   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1OfEe5ZmXg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1OfEe5ZmXg)

>  The 50s Cheap Ciggies Here i come

>  I'd prevent the Romans for burning the library of Alexandria

>  Bulgaria 

Year 681

>  Your mom's house

>  I’d go find Marty’s mom

>  The time where pewdiepie was getting robbed and slice the thief in half with pewds sword

>  TBH I want to meet Aaron Burr, John Laurens, and Alexander Hamilton

>  If you're not pulling a Bif Bannon and grabbing the sports almanac, then you're lying.

>  To the day that Steve Irwin died to warn him of what was to come.

>  Go back in time to before I’m conceived and slap my parents. Then, if I’m still alive, get smashed on all the drugs.

>  https://youtu.be/wPODghAr3Vc This tells me everything I would  need to do to become a GOD.

>  Salem, 1692 to save the witches.

>  Wherever you were conceived to prevent this dumbass question from being posted

>  The year 42069

>  Your moms house

>  2015 to get the Sports Almanac and then to 1985 to bet on sports!

>  going to share a bottle of vodka with Lyuda (The White Death)

>  I go back and fuck pamela anderson when she was still hot

>  Vienna Austria, 1891. Kill the infant Eddy Bernays, save the world.

>  Go back and stop my birth.

>  Egyptian Era

>  The year 3000

>  Roanoke

>  1950s Las vegas so I can see Elvis, Sinatra and all the biggies from that era.

>  I would go and find who robbed PEWDIEPIE

>  I had this question as a homework assignment when I was freshly in jr.high. I asked my dad and he said... ancient Greece for the orgies.... I had no idea what orgies were so the joke aged pretty well. Haha

>  July 27th 1989, Mandan ND

>  I’d go back and buy a load of Apple shares.

>  Go to the dinossaur era replicate then and stonks

>  I go to my moms/dads funeral to see how sad I am. Don’t know why I would but I did.

>  To the university library to acquire better sources.

>  I would ensure that all the world's 2,604 billionaires ended up impoverished and living off dumpster leavings.

>  In the year 252525.......

>  Visit some women's locker rooms in all eras

>  To the library of Alexandria

>  give trumps parents a condom

>  Welp

Time to save the library of alexandria

>  I would go back in time and tell my mom to keep taking her birth control.

>  Your moms house when she was hot

>  Roanoke

>  Archive as many destroyed works as I can digitally. Library of Alexandria here I come

>  Go back to the 1800's and get a damn cheap prostitute

>  to stop the burning of the library of Alexandria, we need that concrete that can soak up water for strength!

>  whenever and wherever you'd have to go to stop islam from taking over the middle east.

>  The library of Alexandria the center of it as the fire starts to temporaly relocate the books.

>  Your moms room

>  9 months b4 Donald Trump was born. Giving thoes fuckers a damn condom

>  The moment I flew out of my moms vagina

>  Oslo, Norway, August 10, apartment of Øystein Aarseth.

Why I want to watch someone getting stabbed 23 times, I have no idea.

>  give trumps parents a condom

>  Giving my dad a condom

>  Kill myself at birth ofc.

>  back to save Hitler

>  Up yo mom's pussy

>  Go to your house



